Oh, my fuck! Look who it is, man.
Is that him?
Right there, right over there.
Put your gun away, there's people everywhere.
Put your fucking gun away. Put your gun down.
Release the dog! Leave him there!
Walk away from the dog.
Release the dog, asshole Leave us alone!
Release the dog then!
Release him! Put the fucking gun down.
Put it down, put it down Put the fucking gun down right now!
My name is Julian. Today is a special day because I'm finally getting out of prison.
I've been looking forward to this day for the past eighteen months My name is Ricky and I've been in here for about 18 months now.
I'm getting out today, thank fuck.
Well, you guys are going to get to know Ricky, I think, , cause you know you guys want to follow him around as well which is cool.
I'm tellin' ya, tonight, I am getting drunk at Julian's and it's going to be awesome. You guys wanna come tape it, that's fine, but we're going to get really drunk.
It's gonna be wicked.
Hopefully, there'll be a bit of dope around.
I've been like kind of like a teacher to him, I guess, and I'm sick of teaching him, I'm going to get out of prison I'm going to move back to the trailer park.
I'm going to live a good, clean life, I've matured now Things are going to be totally different.
I do blame Ricky, of course I do.
Everybody knows he's the reason why I went to jail.
You know, Ricky doesn't think.
So, you know, I'm not going to hang out with him anymore I'm just going to look out for number one, which is me.
No more Ricky., Julian can frig off, if that's what he's tellin' ya because it's not my fault, it's Julian's fault we went to jail He's the one who force feeding me drugs and every other goddam thing.
It's not my fault. So, you know, if that's what he says, that's fine. It doesn't matter anyway cause the councilor's told me it's society's fault not my fault.
If Julian's going to be like that then fine, I'll blame it on him cause it's his fault we went to jail three times.
I don't need Julian anymore.
Right on, man! I thought you'd left.
No, no, no. Ricky, get your own cab.
What are you talking about You're getting your own cab. You're not sharing my cab.
I'm going back to the trailer park.
D'ya got any money?
No, that's why I need a ride.
Well, get your own cab.
This is how you want to treat me on camera?
Here. Here's your bag.
Don't throw my shit around Could you guys turn that off If you've ever been in jai I before, there's nothin' better than gettin' out of jail and comin' home.
Geez, she's gotten bigger.
Ricky and Julian? Well, for the most part, they're responsible for ruining this trailer park.
Used to be peaceful and quiet here., You know, what gets me most is all the young kids look up to him!
I mean, I got kids flying around here, throwin' bottles at people, growing dope, squealing tires, jumping motorcycles over trailers...
The list goes on., and I've been park supervisor here for goin' on 16 years I've seen it all, but those two, particularly Ricky, they're the worst.
Gimme your smokes, Gordon. Give me your smokes!
Give me 15 bucks, man.
Come on, I know you've got some smokes here somewhere Okay, Ricky! Let him up!
Ricky! Off! Get off him!
Let go of his foot.
Gimme your smokes, man!
Let go, Ricky! Get out of here!
You frig off, Randy! You frig off!
Back off, back off! Stay clear!
What was it like in jail, hey, Buddy?
Where's Julian, Ricky?
Where are you stay in', Rick?
At the fuck Off Hotel, Lahey Have some respect here. Mr. Lahey is the park supervisor.
What are you, his new assistant?
Yes, I am!
Well, that's pretty fucked up.
This is Ricky's girl.
I missed you.
I missed you too.
Is Ricky out of jail too?
Are you going to come and visit my mommy?
Um, I don't know. Maybe.
You're out of jail and ya got no place to live?
I've got plenty of places to live.
I could stay at any one of these trailers cause people here like me. Not like you dicks.
Things have changed, Rick.
Things have changed, have they?
Ya. You're going to have to keep your nose clean, Ricky Smokes, let's go, give me some smokes.
I've only got two left and I'm not giving you any You're a fucking dick.
And Lahey, you can go fuck yourself, okay?
Stay out of my business.
What a jerk, man.
Ricky's back.
Okay, so this is where I live.
I leave this place for 18 months and let Cory and Trevor stay here and look what they do.
When Julian gets back, it's gonna be so cool.
The whole crew's gonna hang out again, rock the trailer park like we used to.
So, we're going to clean the place up.
It's a little messy now and everything, but we've got lots of time to clean it up.
We'll have it looking as good as it was when he left What the hell happened to my trailer, boys?!, Okay, chill. There's this guy named Cyrus he just moved in here.
There's nothin' we could do about it.
He has a gun and he's nuts Yeah, I moved into his trailer.
Nice little spot.
The way I see it, this fucking Julian guy, he lost his privileges when he went off to Con College, you see?
I'm the guy that owns the trailer now.
I'm runnin' the trailer park And if that big tough fuckin' guy comes runnin' around here, throwing his little bit of weight around, well then, fuck off!
We'll help you find a new place to live, Julian.
This is my place, you idiot!
I'm disappointed in you guys Gone for 18 months, and you knew I'd be home today shit happens! It's not our fault.
Shut up!
You guys let me down.
But Cyrus, like, he killed a kid when he was in reform school.
He got even harder when he was there.
He stole cars and he has a nine millimeter. Lahey's afraid to do anything cause he's worried about getting knocked out by him too It's like he's the new park king or something, man. shit changes, man.
He's not even from the park.
He thinks it's cool to live in a trailer park.
So what are you gonna do I don't know.
But I know what you guys are gonna do.
Your going to start cleaning up this mess.
I don't think we got any cleaners.
Clean it up!
What are you guys taping in here?
You have to have permission. mine's doing a documentary, don't worry about it.
All right.
Look, I need some stuff.
I could rob ya or you could just give it to me.
You're Ricky, right?
Ya, man.
You can get whatever you want, I don't care., Gimme four packs of smokes and I'll take these flowers here I guess -
Smokes! Grab my smokes there I was here first, bud.
What's that camera doing here?
None of your fucking business, actually.
Obviously, you don't know who the fuck I am.
The name is Cyrus.
Cyrus! And I don't give a fuck who you are.
You better chill out there, heavy metal dick.
Why don't you go back to the bowling alley you came from, helmet head You're fucking lucky I'm on probation.
Is that right? See ya!
That's it, bye-bye.
That'll be... Wait, Cyrus! You didn't pay. fuck off, man.
Yeah, yeah. I'm J-Roc know what I'm sayin'?
J to the ROC up in this.
This here's my boy T, Tyrone This here, Mr. Green, and that's Hydro, in the back.
Hey, what's up?
Wha's up, man?
How are ya doin', Tyrone Good to see ya, man Good to see you.
Welcome back, boy.
What's goin' on, man?
Not much.
Hey, what's going on, man?
We're doin' all right. It's all good.
So, how are things goin'
What's wrong?
Me and T got some bad news, G.
Yeah. Cyrus, man., He all up in this park controllin' all the liquor sellin' all the dope, you know wha I'm sayin?
Got a gun runnin' around, actin' hard with everybody You're not the king of the park anymore.
Boys, listen up, all right I'm out of jail now.
This is my trailer, this is my home.
I'm not worried about Cyrus, all right? Don't worry about it.
Come on! So, what's goin on?
We doin' all right.
We be dope when the new NW A come out, know what I'm sayin'
I haven't seen Lucy and Trinity since Trinity's 7th birthday No, it was her 8th birthday.
No, no, it was her 7th birthday.
Anyway, I was in jail for her 7th or 8th birthday.
And you know, they never really got a chance to come visit me in jail.
A year and a half is quite a long time to go without seeing your daughter or the woman you love, for that matter, I guess.
Come on, boys! This is Bubbles!
How are ya doin', buddy? It's good to see ya, man.
That's my best friend Julian Yeah, what's up?
What are you doing?
Home from jail?
Yeah, got out today.
Who's this guy? What am I on the TV for?
I'm just doing a little documentary thing, you know.
How are you doing?
So, what's going on anyway Well, I don't know if you were in there yet, but dickhead moved into your trailer.
I tried to stop him, but I couldn't.
Yeah, Cyrus.
He keeps sticking a fucking gun at my face.
See this?
All right?
Old man gave me that when I was in grade seven.
Seen a lot of action.
Nine millimeter, Safety: always off.
Told me he was proud of me once. fucking prick!
Cory and Trevor let him move right in.
You can move in here with me if you want.
No, that's all right. I'm going to take care of Cyrus.
I think you should.
What do you think I should do?
I talked to him a couple of times and he's fucking scared of you He's waitin', wonderin' when you're coming home.
All I got to do is tell him you're here and I bet ya he fucking bolts.
I don't know if it's going to be that easy, but, you know...
I just got to watch it.
I'm on probation and I'm not going back to jail.
You won't have to worry about that.
Everybody in the fucking park hates him.
Lahey, everybody... Nobody fucking likes him.
He fucked everyone over.
All right. Well maybe, you know, if you could get word around the park and tell everybody I'm throwing him out tonight Yeah, I can do that. Don't worry about that.
I'll go around door to fucking door if I have to.
Enough of that stuff. It's just good to see ya.
I hear you're Ricky, Julian's little jail buddy Are you filming more episodes of Happy Days, there, Fonzy?
Listen, just give me your fucking smokes.
Buddy, I just got out of jail, I don't want any trouble.
Put the gun away.
You're on camera with a fucking gun.
I don't give a fuck about the camera crew, okay?
Just give me your fucking smokes or I'll put a bullet right through your goddam ribcage!
For fuck's sakes.
I've got four packs of smokes, all right?
You can have two of them.
No fucking thanks.
If you're going to shoot me over two packs of smokes, then go ahead and shoot me It's your lucky fucking day, isn't it, jail boy?
Tell your friend Julian to get the fuck out of the trailer park or he'll have Cyrus and you know what to deal with fuck off somewhere. I've got work to do.
I don't even hang around with Julian anymore.
What the fuck do you think you're doing? What's this?
I come to talk to Lucy. Don't worry about it.
It's something Julian's doing.
What, that Julian's doing?
Sarah, it doesn't matter. Where's Lucy?
Lucy's not here.
I know she's here.
She went to the park or something, she's not here.
She snuck out the back door?
She didn't sneak.
She walked out the front door with her daughter to go to the park.
I'm not an idiot.
Sarah, who's at the door?
Nobody's at the door!
Lucy, it's Ricky. Can I talk to you for a minute, please?
I don't want you to come in, not with all these people.
Come on in, guys.
I don't want you to come in.
Don't shove me, Sarah.
You can't come back here after 18 months and expect to walk back in the house like nothing happened!
Are you her fucking bodyguard?
I'm not her bodyguard.
I'm her roommate. I'm livin' here, helping pay the bills since your ass was in jail I'm back and I'll be paying the bills.
That's what you think!
Holy shit, you look good I just thought it'd be nice to spend some time together.
I've been in jail for 18 months.
Well, yeah, okay.
I'm not goin' to sleep here, so don't worry about it.
You're kidding!
You are kidding, right?
What do you mean?
Ah, listen... uh...
Keep that closed. Uh... Trinity and I cannot have you coming in and out of our lives like this.
So just go stay with Ray.
This is my dad's place. It sounds like he's drunk again.
So the best thing to do when he's drunk is to stay away I'd rather sleep at the playground tonight.
As much as I want to get drunk, I'm not going in there.
There could be women. God knows what could be going on inside.
Got to find somewhere else to go, boys.
10-8. You got a 10-8 there 10-8, you got a 10-2?
Randy here. All systems clear.
10-4, Randy.
You know, I ordinarily don't like to do this, but I got to call the cops There's a potential shootout going to be happeningt in the trailer park tonigh and I'm gonna call in the heavies.
You know, that's really unfair, Mr. Lahey.
Julian's on probation, he could go back to jail for a really long time.
Julian's on probation, Cyrus isn't.
Cyrus will kill me.
You got any better ideas?
If not, put your shirt on and shut up., You know, there's a lot of different personalities here in this trailer park,r and every single person tries to respect each othe except for Cyrus.
He has no respect for anyone but himself.
And I don't really want to call the police in here and convince Mr. Lahey not to because I feel that in this community, we should be able to work things out ourselves Cyrus ain't from the park, you know what I mean?
Round here, it's all for all and one for one.
That's right.
When a person ain't from the park, they don't understand the way shit goes down.
Like the J to the ROC, like Tyrone does, my man here.
You know what I'm sayin'? When your from the park, it's all for one motherfucker and one motherfucker for all my fuckers everywhere, you know wha' I'm sayin'?, But if you come from outside the park, you better watch out cause you got a whole bunch of park hustlers on your jock.
Got to stick together too, it's like a family.
Your jock don't stick together, but the people stick together.
That's the shit I'm talkin' about.
Everyday, Mr. Lahey and I clean up this playground... shit! It's Cyrus.
Don't you move!
What's this I hear about you callin' the cops, huh?
What's this I hear about you callin' the cops?
Whoa! Now listen, there's people around here Just take it easy, will ya, Cyrus?
I'll fucking make the decisions around here.
You got that, old man?
Just back off, Cyrus.
Take your hands off me, Sasquatch.
Now listen... You listen to me, old man.
You call the cops and I'll make and example of you You understand me?
What's that supposed to mean, Cyrus?
Bang! I got to spell it for you?
Now, say you're sorry.
I'm sorry.
Kiss my hand.
I'm not kissing your hand.
Kiss my hand.
Do it.
All right, fuck off. I've got work to do.
Remember what I said.
Oh, my God.
Me and Julian could definitely take care of the Cyrus thing, It's just that, number one we're on probation.
Which is no big deal but, you know, I don't really want to go back to jail.
And number two or three or whatever number we're on, I'm not going back to jail for Julian cause I don't even hang around him anymore.
We've got to make a few things clear.
The two of us can't live in this trailer park together, now can we?
Right. So I guess someone's got to move.
That's what I'm talkin' about.
Hey, that's my shit Hey! That's my shit!
That's my shit!
Obviously, you didn't hear me when I said, "Clear out your own shit."
Now, I want a new TV, I want a VCR and I want my porn tapes replaced because those were the cr?me de la cr?me.
I want you out of this park.
I'm not leaving.
I provide a service for these good people.
They're like my family.
Tell him, people, go on!
By show of hands, those who need his dope.
I'd like to take this opportunity to let anybody know that me and Tyrone's open for business We can service all yo' dope needs, good prices too. you know what I'm sayin'?
See? We don't need ya here Well, I'm not leavin' and I'm not afraid to use this gun.
I think you're afraid. fuck afraid!
My brain tells my finger to pull the trigger and BOOM!
Happens just like that.
Let me talk to your brain then.
Hey, Cyrus' brain, pull the trigger.
What a funny guy.
Pull the trigger!
Do it! Do it!
You're not going to do it, man Cyrus, you fucking dick!
Shut up!
Why don't you do yourself a favor and get off from the Park?
You don't belong here, this is my family.
Why don't ya get out of here I don't need this shit anyway.
Thanks for getting rid of Cyrus for us, Julian.
Now if you could just help straighten Ricky out, we'd be all set.
All right, everybody! Party's over! Let's go home.
Welcome back, Julian. fuck off, Mr. Lahey!
Come on, Randy, let's go write this up.
All in all, I think we had a pretty good day today, guys.
It's time to have a few drinks sit down, turn that thing off...
Man, I'm sorry to interrupt your TV show.
I've got nowhere to go, Julian Me and Lucy are all done and my dad's drunk.
I was just wonderin' if I could, maybe, sleep in your car or something. Man, I've got nowhere to go.
Thanks, Julian.
I can't believe he's still out there.
For the past 18 months, I promised myself to stay away from him.
I don't know, he's a good guy.
Take it easy, Julian. I'm leavin'.
Relax, Ricky.
I got nowhere to go.
Here, I got you some hot-dogs, I got you some vodka.
I appreciate this, Julian, but I don't need your charity.
Ricky, it's okay, all right?
Here, you can sleep in the car for two days.
Thanks, buddy, I appreciate that.
I want you out of that car in two days though Ricky, all right?
No, more than two weeks, I promise, all right?
Shut up!
You better shut up or I'll come out there after ya I swear to God, I'll kill everyone of ya!
Ricky, would you shut up ! Go to sleep.
Well, I've been out of jai I for a week now and it's time for me to make some important decisions in my life.
I'm gonna go to community college.
I'm either gonna become an electrician, a meat cutter, or I'm gonna get into television and radio broadcasting.
Stop fucking barking!
Ricky what are you shooting at?
Shut the fuck up! Squirrels and dogs and assholes!
Shut up.
Ricky, hold your fire.
What are you doing?
Shh, shh. Listen, listen asshole.
Ricky, what are you doing?
I'm trying to get some sleep here, man.
Do you want to go back to jail?
I can't handle livin' -
Do you want to go back to jail?
Listen to this stuff.
Get in the car. Get in the car.
Get in there.
I wish everyone would shut the fuck up out there Ricky, what are you doing?
Ricky, listen, give me that gun.
You don't know what it's like livin' in a car, Julian.
I got insects and animals fucking me around in here.
That's what you've got to deal with when you're in a car I can't sleep.
Go to sleep. You know what You're moving out of here tomorrow.
'Cause you're driving me nuts. You're shooting guns off in the middle of the night.
It's not a big deal.
Think, Ricky, think.
I can't sleep, is the problem.
Go to sleep.
Can I have the gun back in case anything happens?
No more of this shit.
I won't fire it unless I absolutely have to.
You're not going to fire it at all.
Go to sleep... idiot.
Shut up. Shut up. Shut Up!
Ricky, put that thing away I want my kitty.
Frig off, Bubbles.
You gave me the cat.
I didn't say you could keep him.
And I don't want him living in a fucking car.
Bubbles, you've got tons of cats. Let me keep him.
He was a loaner. I loaned him to ya.
Well, I need him. Look at my weed plants.
One of them's dead.
I don't give a flying fuck I didn't never... never said you could keep him.
What the hell are you doing waking me up so early?
No cat of mine is going to live in a car.
Both of you guys shut up Ricky won't give me my kitty.
Ricky, give him his cat.
It's my cat now. He gave it to me.
I don't care. Give it back Look, see that. You know why that plant's dead Because a squirrel peed in it. That's why I need the cat.
It protects my weed plants I've got four plants left, guys.
It's all I've got left in my life.
Please, let me have one cat to protect my plants.
Here's what I know, Ricky. If you love something, let it go.
If it comes back to ya, you own it. If it doesn't, you don't own it.
And if it doesn't, you're an asshole. Just like you. fuck you.
Give me the cat.
Bubbles, take your cat.
Get out of here. Ricky, you stay in the car Let me out of this car right now.
Coming through!
Let me out of here. I want that cat back! I need him!
Bubbles, get out of here Calm down, Ricky.
I just got woken up in the middle of a great dream and I'm pissed off.
Next message.
Julian, Mr. Lahey here.
Wanted to talk to you about a couple a things.
Some gun shots, reprobate living in the car in front of your trailer and oil leaking from said car.
I'll come by and see you rea I soon, Julian. All the best Next message.
Julian, I need to talk to you and Trinity needs to see you Why don't you return my calls? Can't you at least do that, hey?
I'm coming over there. We need to talk and today's subject is responsibility...
I want to see Julian.
Call me back.
End of message.
Oh, I knew Julian way before I knew Ricky., I met Julian when I was, like, 16 or 17 or whatever but that was a long time ago But you know, he's someone I can depend on.
Like, I can turn to for help. Who else would I ask, Ricky?
No way, man. He lives in a car. fuck. Whatever.
He's not even growing dope anymore. Why would I be interested in having him helping me for anything.
Yeah, me and Lucy broke up again and it sucks.
And I'm not real happy about it, but it's one of those things, I guess.
Hopefully she'll come around. Bubbles, get off my property Go fuck yourself, Ricky.
And hopefully she'll take me back.r Until then, I'm perfectly happy living right here in this caf and hopefully she'll come around soon. Bubbles frig of and get off my property!
You fucking want one?
I was at a party a long time ago at Ricky's house and um, I think Lucy was about 18 or something.
I met Julian at a party when I was like 17 or whatever...
And I mean it was a long time ago and... you know, nothing really happened. Anyway, we got really drunk and ate a shitload of mushrooms and I experienced memory loss and woke up and she was naked in bed with me. I don't think anything happened.
But I don't know, I just got out of there. Oh, fuck.
What's up, dude?
What do you want?
You got any dope, man?
You guys ever consider going back to school?
And now it's not cool for us to come around and buy dope, because of the camera crew.
Yeah, man.
Julian acts all crazy now with cameras in his face and everything and he's, like, "Not to diss you guys or anything..." but he gets all stressed out and it's like he can't handle it You know what I mean? He yells at us and everything.
Bubbles, just a second. Please.
Lucy, what are you doing here?
I'm leaving Trinity with Julian. I need a little vacation.
What about her father? I can take care of my own daughter Great! Trinity, why don't you get your stuff and go stay in the car with Daddy. Perfect.
What, the back seat of a car's not good enough for you now?
He's living in a fucking car. It's not a place where you have a child and so ya, of course I'd take her to stay with Julian I mean, Julian at least has a place to live and his own place. And his cats live outside, know what I mean You do stuff bad.
I'm sorry. Bubbles attacked me.
You knew, Ricky.
Julian, it's Jim Lahey.
Open the door up, we got a little matter to discuss about last night.
Julian open the door.
Everybody shut up!
You think I need this? Huh I'm leavin'! I'm outta here! I'm outta this trailer park!
Get off my lawn!
Randy, I could use some reinforcement here.
Clear out of here, Bubbles Go fuck yourself.
You know, ever since you guys have been around with your TV cameras, Julian has changed.
You know? He's getting all frustrated, and he's taking his problems out on me and other people in the park.
It's crazy. He lives in there in a palace and he's all stressed out.
I live out here in a car and I've got everything I need and I'm happy.
I mean, this is my home. So I don't know what his problem is Ungrateful. Ricky is ungrateful.
He's been driving me nuts, living in that car, and I just can't wait to get the hell out of this park and finally do something productive with my life.
Hey, Julian. How's it going, buddy?
I'm not doin' too good, Ricky. I got some bad news to tell ya What?
I'm moving.
Consider this your one-week's written notice.
What do you mean, you're moving? You're leaving the park?
I'm movin'. I'm serious, Ricky.
No. No, take it easy, man. You're just having a bad day Ricky, I'm serious. I want you out of my car and off my lawn.
You've got one week.
If Julian thinks he's leaving this park without Ricky, he's got another thing coming.
You know, I can't get away from everybody. It's like, "Julian, I need this; Julian, I need that. Julian, can I live in your car Julian, I need some vodka. "I'm sick of it.
How's it going, buddy? Hey, guys.
You want a couple drinks?
Actually, Ricky, I don't feel like talking to anybody right now, alright?
Come on, man, let's get wasted.
What do you want?
You still planning on leaving the park?
You guys want a drink?
I'm just pouring some drinks here, if you want one.
A couple things I think yo should know about before you do.
What's that, Lahey?
Well, first, you got a 24-month lease signed up with Sunnyvale Trailer Park Number two, you've got a derelict piece of shit out fronte that's leaking oil all over the grass and it's going to requir, an environmental soil test which you're liable for. Number three, you owe me $1,600 for outstanding site fees for when you were in jail.
Number four, you try to leave...
Number one- Listen.
Number one, you can fuck off. Number two, you can fuck off Watch your language, Ricky.
Thank you very much, Rick.
You got... you're just a one-note pony, arent' yas Why don't you mind your business, or I'll tell the cop, you're breaching probation. Every time you turn around you put your fucking foot in your mouth.
You guys, we had a couple... 18 months of peace here in this trailer park.
You're back here for a day and what have we got? Bullshit Who's fault is that?
It's your fault!
You're not leaving here without that guy.
I'd love to see you leave this park, but you're not leaving here without that guy.
What are you doin'?
I'm getting a soil sample to test for oil contamination.
Get the fuck off my property. Off my property.
Hey, Ricky, do you want me to ask my friends down at the police station if it's OK for you to be drunk in a public place and carrying a loaded handgun while you're on probation?
Why don't you start doing your job ing false Why don't you start incriminations all the time?
Why don't you get a life, Rick?
Why don't you go to community college like Julian here?
Hey, I got a good idea.
You could teach living in a car and growing dope 101.
And you could teach how to get drunk, get fired from the police force, become a lousy trailer-park supervisor that sucks, hangs around with a fucking idiot that doesn't wear his shirt and looks like a dick, but thinks he looks good 101
Get the car off the property or I'm going to order a really expensive soil Contamination test, you got that?
Lahey, get off my lawn.
You guys got nothing better to do? You fucking idiots.
Look, I know you're stressed out, but don't worry about it, 'cause here's what's gonna happen.
We're gonna get drunk and eat chicken fingers, me, you and the old man.
He's gonna be here in about 20 minutes.
Ricky, life isn't about getting drunk and eating chicken fingers all the time, alright?
Lahey's right.
Lahey's right?
Why don't you try doing something with your life for once, instead of living in this car like a drunken idiot, eating chicken fingers, getting drunk.
You think you're so smart 'cause of your dumb book learnin', Julian.
Well, you're not that smart. I know what's going on.
You're just showing off on friggin' TV again.
Hey, look at me, I'm Julian the big smart guy.
I'm warning you, Ricky. No blues music, no Ray on my friggin' lawn drunk and no chicken fingers. Don't test me.
What are you doin', Julian? The chicken fingers aren't even cooked.
Want us to get sarsaparill a or something, you dick?
Julian, I'm trying to cook some lunch here for me and my dad Get out of my way.
Hey, what are you doing with the tunes, Julian?
Get off my property, Ray.
What? Wait. No, hey, wait.
Take it easy, man. Nah. No, forget it, Ricky.
If he doesn't want me here, I'm going, man. I'm not wanted here.
It's my property.
Nah, forget it.
Come on down to my house. I've got lots of chicken fingers down there.
This is my car, this is my property and this is my toaster.
I want you out of here.
I can't believe you just did that. Those are the good kind. Eight bucks I'm not joking, Ricky.
Ya, well you forgot about something. You gave me one week's notice, so this is my property for the next week - not yours I don't care, Ricky. Off my property. This is my property.
You're being a dick. You can go to college and get your little PFD or whatever the fuck it's called. I don't care. But you know what?
You're no better than me. Even though you think you are.
Don't lecture me, Ricky.
Don't what?
You don't know what "lectured" means, do ya?
I know what "lecture" means. Do you?
What does it mean, then?
It means that, uh...
It means that what?
You get in a situation and.. .
What situation?
You know I didn't get my grade ten, you asshole.
It's a low blow, Julian.
You know what? fuck you and fuck your car and fuck your lawn.
I'm going to my dad's to get drunk. You just lost a friend.
I hope you're happy.
Ricky has relied on Julian to help him figure out lots of different kinds of things for a long time.
Yeah, like since junior high and shit.
And remember, Ricky dropped out of junior high 'cause Julian stopped helping him.
Ricky, when he's stressed,d he uses alcohol. He gets totally intoxicate and we'll find him laying down in the middle of the street here.
You know, driving along, there he is.
We're always getting complaints about Ricky.
And it happens at least once a week. And you can't be doing that - not in this park Ricky, wake up. Come on, man, it's me.
Rick. Rick.
What the fuck are you doing here, man?
Get that fucking camera off me, you dick.
Listen, Rick. We've been friends our whole lives, man This is ridiculous.
Do you understand what I'm sayin'?
No, Julian. That's the problem.
You know understanding things is one of the things I have trouble with.
It's why I'm gonna miss you so much when you move, buddy You're the one that helps me understand things.
You make things clear in my head so everything comes together and it just makes sense to me.
I'm stupid, you know that.
You know, Ricky really does think he's stupid, though That's why he relies on Julian so much.
When we used to go out, he'd always talk about how stupid he was.
And how he couldn't do anything about that 'cause he was too stupid to do anything about it.
Poor guy, man.
You're not stupid, Ricky It's o. k., Julian. I know I'm stupid.
I don't know anything.
It's not even like Julia is that much smarter than Ricky.
It's kinda like... What is it? They're co Dependant or whatever?
Totally co-dependant.
Co-dependant. Totally.
You know lots about car parts and stuff, Ricky.
That's why I'm here. I need your help, buddy.
I've got to get that car off the front yard.
I need to steal some parts and I don't know what parts fit what.
You do. That's what makes you smart, man.
I don't know, man. It's gonna take a lot of parts to get that fucking car off the lawn.
What are you talking about? It's perfect.
You got it?
This is gonna work out fine.
Just stay calm, Julian. I'll take care of it.
Don't say anything.
How's it going, guys?
Filming a little documentary for the Life Network.
It's kind of like Cops, but from the criminal's point of view.
Hold it.
Put that down.
Guys this is a -
Put that down.
$700 exhaust system.
Put it down.
Easy there, Magnum P.I.
You get against the vehicle right now. What's your name?
My name's Cory.
Sir, your name?
That's Trevor.
No. He can tell me that.
Turn around, Trevor. Let me see what's in your hands. Slowly We got a call about some fellas out here stealing car parts.
Ya, we're the ones that called you guys.
Got open liquor here.
No, no, no.
Call it in, Frank.
Chachi, look, you don't have to call us in It's officer Pool, not Chachi Sir, We're just -
Stay back against the tailgate, Sir., - He's got this God-given way of sort of throwing the cops like, a smoke bomb so they can never sort of figure out what's going on.
It's like they're stupid with it.
Like they just get sidetracked on something totally different. They come in, try and arrest 'em. Next thing they know, their headed somewhere else doing something completely different.
Guys, we're on live TV here. I just want you to remember that.
This is part of your monthly evaluation. I didn't want to tell you, we're not supposed to tell you, but...
Stay right there.
That's why the camera's here, guys.
That's why the TV's here.
Frank, come on back here.
I think they got us again.
He's almost like a superhero when it comes to dealing with cops, you know?
He's got this whole thing he does. He's so great.
He always gets away with shit.
Well, almost always, I guess Nice meeting you.
Yeah. Sorry, fellas.
Nice meeting ya.
Good job. Good job, guys. You try and have a good day.
No problem. We'll send a copy of the tape to your department head probably next week. Thanks, guys.
You have a good day.
You too.
Spray her.
I'm sprayin'.
Spray her now.
I'm sprayin' the spray.
Joey, shut her down.
You are the man, you are the man.
Thanks, man.
There you go.
How much do I owe ya?
It's free.
A going-away gift.
Warmed-up, on the house. Peace. Aight.
Peace out. Good luck, sucka.
Ricky, here you go, buddy.
She's all yours.
What are you talkin' about?
She's all yours.
You're giving me your car?
Man, I love you.
Easy, easy, Rick. You'll spill my drink.
I love you, man! Do you know what this is going to mean to Lucy?
I got a car now.
What are you doing here?
Just thought I'd stop by and show you guys my new ride.
Is this yours?
Oh, yeah. 100%.
Guess what else?
I'm gonna have my dope operation up and running next week. Same as it was before I went to jail.
So you're gonna take us for a little ride?
Hop in.
This is wicked!
Put your seatbelt on, Trinity.
No offense, guys, but I'd like to be alone with my family right now.
Next message.
Hey, Julian, it's Ricky. Look, I just wanted to call and thank you for that car again. Because of you, me and Lucy are back in love again, and that's fucking awesome And the other thing I wanted to talk to you about is this community-college bullshit. I'm just kinda hopin' that you're not gonna leave to go do your book learnin' and stuff, 'cause we need ya here, buddy.
So listen, I'm plannin' on getting drunk tonight.
Really, really drunk and I'll probably buy some more chicken fingers.
So if you want to hook up, I'd love to get drunk with ya.
Give me a call. Lucy said I could go out tonight.
Hey, buddy. Can Mr. Lahey and I just talk to ya, just for a couple of minutes?
What do you want to talk about?
We just want to talk, Julian Julian, uh, a lot of things to consider here.
We got a couple of incidents going on down here, with gun shooting off in the trailer park.
A lot of people not getting a lot of sleep here.
We're willing to waive your... trailer-site rental fees, $1,600, if you'll consider not leaving this park and leaving us alone here with Ricky.
Ricky's back with Lucy, O.K.
So, you wanna clean the slate, do ya?
You wanna clean the slate?
Well, maybe send him over to my place once a week to do a little maintenance work, clean up a bit of garbage around the yard.
How's that?
You'll stay?
I'll stay.
Ya, I'll stay.
Keep your nose clean, eh Right on.
I'm really glad you're staying, Julian.
Come on, Randy.
Sent Randy on a routine noise complaint Probably Ricky working on that car of his.
Guess where?
Buddy Julian's.
I'm gonna get Ricky today, I gotta a feeling.
Mr. Lahey, 10-78, I need back up!
Give me that fucking walkie-talkie Lahey, this is fucking Ricky Get Randy the fuck away from me, and hurry the fuck up!
Yeah, hold on Randy. I'm coming!
What's going on here?
Let him go, Ricky! Let him go!
What's happenin'?
The little pervert's been snooping through my car and I'm pissed off.
Yeah., I just came to check a noise complaint, Mr. Lahey and he's growing marijuana in his car.
You stay the fuck out of there.
Is that true Ricky?
Is that true?
Oh so you don't smoke dope anymore?
You haven't been buying dope from me for ten fucking years, Lahey?
Ricky, there's a lot of guys growing dope here in the park, but your the only one that's growing dope in his car And guess what that makes you Ricky?
A loser.
Come on, Randy. Let's go dea I with something important like kids breaking bottles on the playground.
Ricky... Guys, come on! Randy, you shut up!
Randy, get in the car!
Get in the car, Randy!
Oh, geez...
Frig off, Rick!
You have enough, Ricky?
Before Ricky went to jail, he had a huge set up.
I mean it was one -
It was a kick ass hydrophonic operation, 200 plants.
He supplied everybody.
Even Lahey was buying dope off him. It was that good.
You don't have your act together.
What are you talking about You've been out of jail for three weeks and all you've done is live in this car and grow four weed plants.
I thought that was pretty good considering, Julian.
No, that's not good.
I'm trying my best here.
Well fine, but it's not really that good.
I One thing I know is that you get out of jai and people treat you differently 'cause you're a convict, or whatever they call you.
But then there's guys like this Phil I know.
He's awesome. He owns a hydrophonic store in town, which is real convenient 'cause I need bunch of equipment.
So, I'm gonna go down there.
I'll just get him to lend me a bunch of equipment and start growing dope.
When I sell my first crop, I'll just pay him back then.
People like him are cool. He's not gonna have a problem with it.
Alright, Ricky doesn't want you guys going into the hydroponic store.
I guess this guys, uh... pretending to be a legitimate business man.
I just don't want you guys screwing this up.
So just stay here.
Get the hell out of my store! now!
Ricky, get out now!
Is this about the hundred bucks I owe you?
'Cause I was in jail.
I don't give a shit about your money!
Just get out! I don't want to see you in here.
That's Phil.
He doesn't like Ricky much, but...
I guess he owes him some money.
I wanna get a couple of lights and -
I don't want to see you in here.
What the fuck are you doing? Hey! Ricky!
Let go of him, Ricky!
What the hell you doin' here Let go of him!
What the hell they doin' here?
Let go of him!
Is this a drug bust?
This is Julian. Put the fucking gun down, Phil Put the gun down, Phil!
Turn the fucking camera off!
Anyway, you're banned from the store. What are you gonna do Thanks a lot by the way, guys. I told you to wait in the truck.
If you're gonna follow us, listen to me.
I don't care, I'll just order stuff out of a magazine I guess. It's probably cheaper.
All I know is I've gotta start growing dope and getting my life back on track or Lucy's gonna leave me And I'm not gonna let that happen.
I'm totally gonna leave Ricky, unless he can make some money.
There's no way that he can be with me and be with Trinity. if he's just living in a car and... forget it, there's no way.
There are only two things that he does well.
One is he grows good dope. He grows amazing dope.
I think that's why I liked him in the first place.
And uh... well, the second thing is sexual and I don't want to talk about that.
Yeah, Ricky... Ricky's great in bed.
I mean it's not just his size.
I mean that's adequate, don't get me wrong.
But it's the fact that he really wants to please you He's really considerate, you know.
I guess sex isn't everything Lucy's more interested in someone that can support her Since he got out of jail, he hasn't been doing shit.
He's not growing dope, he doesn't have a job...
That's bullshit. You need someone that can support you Boys, check out Ricky picking up some butts.
Hey Ricky, find any good ones?
What? Yeah, like you guys never smoked a butt, eh?
"Oh, look at Ricky smoking cigarette butts."
I'm sick of this shit. I'm sick of your TV show, I'm sick of you and I'm sick of everybody.
I'm moving to Toronto.
I'm especially sick of this dick.
Get the fuck out of here, Lahey. fuck it, man. I'm gonna move to Toronto and be a street person.
I don't care.
Rick, think about it.
You don't got no money, man. What are you gonna do?
How are you gonna get out there?
Wha's goin' on honkies?
J-ROC? Damn, you stank. You can pull some Old Spice or some Brute on that mother fucker. Listen, I'm not in the mood today. So, unless you've got two grand you want to lend me, get the fuck out of my face!
Hey man, take it easy.
No, I'm sick of this shit!
I'm sick of all you guys. I'm sick of this car.
Actually, you want to make some skarilla, you pop by my crib, I'll tell ya how to make all kinds of money I'm serious too.
You're gonna make me some money?
I'll make you tons of money, you know what I'm sayin'.
Pop by my crib. Excuse me gorilla we da fuck out.
If you're serious, I'll be down in about an hour.
Maybe I'm not movin' to Toronto.
Ricky... I just want you to do one thing, all right I just want you think.
For once in your life, think, okay?
Don't get involved with those idiots.
You got a better idea?
Next message.
Julian, Ricky. Here's what's going to happen, buddy.
I just found out about a really good business opportunity, and I want to go down to The Pit like old times.
I could talk to you about it, get your advice.
But I think this is a good opportunity for me to get some money to start buying some dope equipment and hopefully buy Lucy a ring at some point and maybe get married or whatever.
So give me a call.
It's a really important question and I have to ask you this question today.
Do you ever watch pornos?
Just making conversation, man.
I was wondering what you thought of the guys that act in them?
They're greasy.
Sorry, man.
Well, let's suppose for a minute that I act in a porno movie, would you think I was greasy 'Cause it's a little different You're thinking about doing a porno flick with J ROC, aren't ya?
If you do that, yeah, you'd be real greasy, and stupid I need the money, that's the thing you don't understand I'm desperate here. It's about my family.
I've got to do this. I'm going to be a film star. fuck it.
No, a porn star. Not a film star, Ricky, there's a big difference.
It's not that different, it's still film.
Would you see De Niro doing a porn flick?
I don't know. If they paid him enough money, he'd probably do one.
No, he wouldn't. You're stupid.
I thought about this, guys. I can't do this. This is crazy What are you talking about?
Why not?
It's gonna be all good, seriously.
I don't know if I want to be in a porno movie.
This ain't a porno movie. This is an adult film, motherfucker What about the people who'll see this shit? What about Lucy Only people in Russia are gonna see it.
Does Lucy go to Russia?
'Cause North American men they down with Russian women and vice versa.
It's kinda free trade and all that with porn, right?
So, I'm directin' this and wrote it.
It's called "From Russia with The Love Bone". Know wha' I'm sayin'?
If Lucy finds out about this, I'm gonna kill you, guys.
Lucy goin' to Russia?, You gonna be a great big star, G. motherfuckers in Russia Why do you think Reveen does so good over there?
You gonna be bigger than Reveen.
Put that shit on, get your freak on, it's all good And I'm gonna get paid?
Oh, you gonna get paid.
Oh, yeah, don't worry about that. Get the rest of that shit.
This is fucked up.
Ricky's a really good guy.
He's a good friend of mine He got me a part in a movie J-ROC's makin'.
Gonna make 160 bucks.
First, they offered me 40 and I told them to fuck right off.
Gonna make 160 bucks.
That'll buy a lot of fuckin' cat food.
Now I guess Bubbles is in the film.
Those guys don't know what their getting themselves into., I know that... I'd never do a porno flick but if I did, J-ROC would be the last one doing it, 'cause he's an idiot.
Everybody walkin' the face of the earth tryin' to judge the J-ROC, know wha' I'm sayin'.
But I ain't shook 'cause the motherfuckers tryin' to take me on, but they can't. Know wha' I'm sayin'.
You're sayin' know wha' I'm sayin' too many times.
Eighty, ninety times, that's too many times.
Once or twice is cool, but eighty, ninety times, man.
Are you from the department of know wha' I'm sayin'?
You takin' a census? We're hangin' out, right?
Eighty or ninety times. That's too many know wha' I'm sayin's.
Why are you ridin' on my jock?
I'm just tryin' to have a good time, You're countin' my know wha' I'm sayin'.
That's too many times.
How am I supposed to be myself when your countin' my know wha' I'm sayin's all the time, J-ROC, you're sayin' it a lot.
Sayin' what?
Know whap I'm sayin'.
OK, we're in Russia, right and we steal this motorcycle and anyway the cops chase us and when they catch us, we have to... perform community service, right? a He's this guy that comes over from Russi and he tries to bust them or somethin'f and he catches them on a Harley Davidson and stuf, and he blackmail's them and they blackmail him and but it's basically a lot of sex really.
Whole idea's of it got me pretty damn frisky too.
It's been... It's been quite a while since that stuff went on with me I'm really frisky.
One, two, one, two. Is this shit on?
Alright. You girls all set?
Don't forget to spit yer gums out yer mouth's.
You all set T with the camera?
Where's Ricky at?
I'm warnin' you, dicks.
Yeah! up in this you look good cracker! It's all good, it's gonna be alright.
J-ROC I can't do this.
All right. Places, all right It's goin' ta be good, Ricky. Trust me, alright?
Everybody ready to get up in this?
Alright. T, zoom out.
Ladies, come on over here.
Got ya standin' by the motorcycle, right?
Then we get ready to get our freak on.
Ricky your goin' be alright. Take your place now.
I don't know J-ROC. I'm nervous, man.
That's all right, take your place, trust me.
It's going to be all good. Go on, go on.
Oh, I'll fuckin' try a take, I guess, but..s Remember, for this one, you ladies are like nervou when you see the cops comin'. You try that shit, see what happens.
T, all set? Roll tape.
Geez, Stacey, I bet we could get like $12,000 for this on the open market.
Oh, yeah...
OK, everybody freeze.
What's going on here?
Maybe there's something that we can make up Sargent, yes?
Maybe there is, yes.
Sergent Borst, what's going on here?
Corporal Alexi, we found the motorcycle bandits.
They want to work something out.
That's them is it?
Let's get it on then.
Testical difficulty. Please stand by.
J-ROC, I can't do this.
I'm thinking about Lucy and I don't know...
I need five minutes here.
All right, all right, cut.
Five minutes. Five.
It's all right.
Man, that was the shit. That looked good tough.
Now have a seat on the couch This is his first time, right?
You jackasses better not say a word about this.
I swear to God, if this goes on TV, this is personal stuff and I don't want it on the television.
We'll pretend it never happened.
It's hot in here!
I'm thinkin' about Lucy, that's the only problem here Go ahead, boys, go ahead!
I can't do it, I don't give a shit.
The irony is that I'm doing this for my girlfriend and if she ever found out, she'd kill me.
I can't say I'd blame her.
I'm a fucking moron.
No, I think it's really cool that you can't cheat.
I mean, like, I wish more guys were like that.
All rights, soft serve, here's what I'm talkin' about.
You can't do the X to the X to the X, right?
So we're going to do some SC with your candy.
That's soft core, know what I'm sayin'.
Still playin' hotels and all that, your still going to be a star.
Bubbles, you ain't havin' no trouble. You want to get wit her?
Well... if it's OK with her, I certainly would.
Is that all right?
Ya, that's cool.
Don't be nervous, Bubbles I'll take good care of you Woohoo.
Ricky, let's get in there, man. Don't ruin this for me.
I'm not gonna ruin it for you, Bubbles.
It's just I'm thinking about Lucy and I've got these fucking guys on camera.
I don't get that many chances, know what I'm saying? Let's go Well, that's fine Bubbles, but I'm not doing that hard core stuff.
I'll do the hard core stuff, don't worry about that.
J- ROC! Let's get it on.
You and me, Bubbles? What's you talkin' about?
Not me and you, arsehole Me and her.
All right, boys, back to work.
Come on, Bubbles, let's go Am I still gonna get paid for doing the soft core stuff?
Let's get that skirt off Ah, shit! put your clothes back on, it's Lahey and Randy!
Oh, shit! J, that's your mom, man, we're fucked, dude.
Everybody freeze! Don't move What the hell is going on here?
What's goin' on, mom?
What the hell is wrong with you, Jamie?
Havin' some friends over, drinks and stuff, hangin' out.
Got the camera goin', it's all good. Ouch!
Mom, that hurts. Why you playin' me like that You tell 'em to turn the camera off and get your friends the hell out.
O.K. J-ROC. Money, money, money.
No, in my hand!
This is now the property of the SunnyVale Trailer Park security.
Have a nice evening everybody. Randy let's go.
You're grounded, no turn tables for two weeks Mom... Ouch! You're hurtin' me.
Why are you playin' me like this in front of my friends?
That's just wack.
That was a prick job.
Man you almost had her.
That was a prick job.
I want the fucking tape back, Lahey.
What tape's that, Ricky?
You know what tape!t Some embarrassing stuff on tha I don't want people seeing.
Yeah, I'll say.
Gonna kill ya in 3 seconds unless you give me that tape back.
You don't want Lucy to see that tape, do you, Ricky?
What are you talkin' about You fucking around with me Time to move on, Ricky.
Unless you're out of SunnyVale by 9 am tomorrow morning every one in the park's gonn a see that tape, including Lucy. and that would be kind of embarrassing, wouldn't it You blackmailing me? Just you remember, Lahey: what comes around is all around.
Don't you mean, what's all around comes around, Ricky This isn't fucking over yet.
That's nice talk to use on television. Eh?
Don't forget you started this shit storm, limpy!
Jesus, Ricky, I can't believe that you made a porno.
I just can't believe it. That's just so out of line Lucy, it's not a big deal. I couldn't get it up.
We faked it, there was hardly any touching.
I am not gonna be involved or married or anything to a porno gigolo!
It's just ridiculous!
What's a porno gigolo?
You're an idiot! fuck you!
I think she'll calm down in a little while.
She just doesn't understand.
I was doing this for her. I want to get married.
I guess she took it the wrong way. I don't know.
Ya, I confiscated the tape, It's... part of the on-going effort to keep tabs on these boys and I will use it some time if further action is required.
Julian, it's Ricky here., just letting you know that I've thought about this I feel I have no other option, I'm gonna break in Lahey's trailer.y and I'm basically probably gonna kill Mr. Lahe I and I'm thinking about killing Randy as wel and I'm going to take the porno tape back.e I talked to Bubbles about it, he's probably gonna givem a hand 'cause we both can't have this tape floating around.
Anyway, I was kinda countin' on you to maybe plan this.
But if you don't want to, that's up to you.
Hope you don't feel guilty I when me and Bubbles are in jai and you know that you could have prevented a murder.
Talk to you later.
Now I've got a situation on my hands and guess who's gotta deal with it. Me! Of course. Always.
I'm sick of this shit. You guys comin'?
All right, you guys stay here, I'm going in alone.
Why don't you just let me do it? I can do this, it's no big deal.
Ricky, stay here, sit down and don't move. Stay.
Don't talk to me like I'm a fucking dog.
Stay, sit, roll over -
I'm not in the fucking mood.
O.k. Just say that I can do this.
You might be able to do it Just stay here, I'm not in the mood for this, Ricky, shut up.
Hurry up.
We got your back, Julian Alright, Bubbles, you go around back and watch the back I'll watch the front, just cover his ass, all right? Let's go Keep that thing rolling.
Come on.
All right, guys. keep quiet, all right?
Ready? You guys ready?
What are you guys doin'?
I'm not Randy.
I'm not Mr. Lahey.
Guys, I know it's you guys, what's going on here?
Julian, not a fucking word about this! Uh, let's turn the TV off and get out of here or I'll call the cops.
Turn the TV off and the camera off.
You're not gonna be calling the cops, Lahey, alright?
This is what's gonna happen:w I'm gonna take this tape and then I'm gonna take a fe of your little goodies down here on the table.
In return, I'm gonna give you guys my word that I'm not gonna say anything about this to anyone, alright?
I'm kind of suprised here guys I could just imagine what Ricky would say if he found out about this Please, Julian, don't tell anyone about this This is our first time doing this.
I don't know what you guys think is going on here... but Randy and I were practicing for...
Lahey, Lahey, Lahey!
I'm not judging anybody here, all right? OK?
Please, don't show this to anyone.
I'm just in shock, boys.
Just when you think you know someone, eh.
It's gonna be tough keeping that a secret.
Let's get out of here.
That's him there. What the hell's he got in his hands Stop shinin' that light in my face, Ricky.
What the fuck took so long?
Put it away.
Put the light away.
Did you get the tape?
Yes, I got the tape.
Man, right on, buddy. Thanks, man.
Does he make any copies?
What's with all the fucking rhum and drugs Never mind. I don't want to talk about it.
Get in the truck.
Good job, Julian.
Thanks, Bubbles.
Here, Rick. Nobody's watching that without a fucked up VCR Right on, Bubbles. Thanks buddy.
You know, the only thing that sucks about this, is after all this bullshit I've still got no money for hydroponics gear. I'm fucked Come by tomorrow at 11, Ricky, alright? I'll lend you the money.
Ricky, don't be hugging me You're a good fucking guy, Julian.
And so are you, Bubbles.
I just appreciate everything you guys are doing for me.
Doesn't mean I'm gay or nothin', but I appreciate all the shit you do for me I know I don't say it enough, but I appreciate it.
You guys teach me shit and you look after me.
We should do somethin'.
Goin' to bed.
Go home to Lucy, Ricky.
You're probably right, she's gonna shit.
I love you guys, thanks.
I'll see you in the morning.
Do you want to have a few drinks and smoke a joint, Bubbles?
Look, he just friggin' littered right in the park for God's sakes.
The son of a bitch.
What an asshole.
I don't... I-I... goddamn cigarettes and everything.
See, look they're tryin' to get us going, eh?
You know, do you know what recidivism is, Randy?
I don't have a clue, Mr. Lahey.
That's when people go back to jail over, and over and over. I think we've got a couple of A-1 class-act recidivists up there.
Look at 'em. fuck off!
You know, I do knock Julian quite a bit, but you got to admit he's real nice to Mrs. Peterson I've known Mrs. Peterson for about 11 years.
She thinks that I'm her grandson.
It's pretty cool because she's gettin' older and, you know, she's always baking me cookies and... and inviting me over to dinner and stuff every Sunday.
So it's pretty cool for me. I love it.
It's like I have a real grandmother. It's awesome.
Anyway, she's got to go into surgery for today.
I mean, it's nothing really that serious.
It's just an in-and-out type of thing, one day.
So I'm gonna look after her dog Sparky this afternoon.
Pretty girl. Yes, you're a pretty girl.
Pretty girl.
She says, "I just want to look where I want to look."
That's my place right over there, and right over here is the best neighbor in the world my grandmother, Mrs. Peterson. I'm her grandson.
Are you sure you don't want me to take you to the hospital?
I'll take good care of Sparky, don't worry about it.
That's fine, yeah. But listen, you've had enough to drink today.
I've only had a couple of drinks today, grandma.
That's your fifth one.
I've only had a couple.
I'm not drunk. I'm just having a couple of drinks.
You not going to be if you drink that all?
I don't get drunk. I can drink more than the average person Okay.
Well, you know...
Well listen, after this, how about drinkin' when you're not with me?
Can you hold this for a second?
I'm just gonna grab the dog.
Here, come on, little buddy.
It's okay.
It almost spilled.
Sorry about that.
I see the tear in your eye I look after Sparky all the time.
You know, this dog means the world to Mrs. Peterson And you know, it's... it's her best friend.
It's all she has.
Hey, man. Can you pick me up at Lucy's My car's fucked.
I have to go to work.
Go by yourself, I don't care.
Lucy, I'm on the phone.
You've got to babysit Trinity today.
There's no school and -
Lucy, I'll take care of it I'm on the phone. Just come pick me up buddy, please.
If you don't get the rent money soon, it's over.
Just a second!
Julian, please come pick me up You don't give me rent money, find somewhere else to live!
Holy fuck! Just a second They've got problems, don't they?
Julian, I can't talk. Just come pick me up please. Lucy, it's pretty f'ed up if you can't leave our daughter with my father for half and hour.
It's pretty f'ed up that the last time Ray took care of Trinity, she came home all f'ed up.
She had a few f'ing drinks.
Oh God...
Get that...
Julian, I told you...
Stop filmin' Lucy.
Lucy, come back here, I want a kiss. Please.
Ricky'll start back from the beginning.
He'll buy a pound of weed from some moron and he'll use it to make brownies. Then, he'll sell the brownies and use the money from that, to buy some hydro gear, get a really good crop of dope sell that, re-invest the money and then he's making some serious cash.
The mistake those guys always make is bringing guns into the picture. Completely unnecessary.
They start shooting off guns, the cops are after them.
They're so stupid.
You're only buyin' a pound of weed off the guy. Why meet here?
He wanted to meet me her.
Somethin's not right.
What the fuck are you doin', man? Put that thing down.
It's only Sam. Don't worry about it.
You're buyin' weed off of Sam?
Ya, he's got some good shit.
No, Sam's got some serious problems, Ricky., Look, he said everything between you and him was cool so put the gun down.
What's with the cameras, man Jesus Christ! Sam, it's Julian!
Put your gun down, Sam!
It's cool!
You're not gonna ge hurt Everything's cool, man!
I thought you guys were the cops!
Everything is fucking cool here.
Go back to the truck! You guys get the fuck out of here!
I told you you're gonna fuck this up! Put your gun away Ricky, stop your swearing.
You're coming off as an asshole on TV.
Sorry about your TV show. I'm trying to buy some fucking weed!
Sam's got this thing, it's like a calculator; but he can send information supposedly all over the world.
I don't know if he's full of shit or what.
Ricky it's the Internet... Computers, the Internet?
I don't know.
What's... What is this? What's this?
What the fuck is this shit?
Put the dope in the...
What the fuck's his pro... What is this shit?
Put it in the glove box, Ricky.
What's your problem, asshole? What's this?
What the hell's going on here?
What's in the glass, Julian?
A drink. Why?
What's that smell?
Smells like weed to me.
Put your hands against the hood, I'm searching the truck.
You put your hands against the hood and fuck off.
You watch yourself, Ricky. I know what's going on here.
Lahey, Lahey, Lahey... You're not a cop anymore, alright I was a police officer.
But that was a long time ago I don't want to get into the details, but it simply came down to two choices.
So I resigned.
Don't you ever talk about me being a cop again Lahey, please leave...
You're not a fuckin' cop.
You watch yourself!
Drug dealing is against the law, remember?
You're on probation.
Lahey, Lahey..., People who deal drugs when they're on probation, Julian go back to jail! Is that what you want?
Lahey, calm down for a minute.
You're not a cop anymore.
You want to search somethin'
Don't you ever talk tom about being a cop, you hear me?!
Search this.
I thought you were a man of his word, you little...
Randy, Randy get down here right now.
Lahey, get out of the way!
Hey, Lahey, you need a ride anywhere?
Ya, we got this all on tape, boys.
Have a nice day.
I haven't forgotten what I learned as a cop and believe me, I won't rest until those two idiots are back in Con College.
Here, take that.
What's this for?
Seven bucks an hour.
You're looking after Sparky for an hour.
I can't. I've got to babysit Trinity and make weed brownies I don't care, you're looking after Sparky, alright?
Julian, I can't, not today. Why can't you look after him I've got to go to the Department of Motor Vehicles Take the asshole with you.
I can't take him with me You know what those idiots are like.
I could be in there for 15 minutes or an hour!
Julian, I can't, not today. I got customers showing up in two hours for weed brownies.
I don't care.
I'm not leavin' the dog in the truck, Ricky.
You're looking after the dog Guys, could you follow him for the next hour and film everything he does?
You're not leaving these dicks and the dog with me for the next hour.
You're looking after the dog, Ricky. That's all Seven bucks to watch the dog and these dicks...
Enough! You're lookin' after the dog.
I'm in charge here, alright?
This is bullshit, man. fuck!w At least with the film cre around Ricky today, there's a better chancep of him not screwing thingsu because he's afraid of lookin' like an idiot.
People have been sayin' that he looks stupid sometimes on TV.
Basically, if you put half an ounce of weed into a tray of brownies, you make twice as much money as just selling plain weed. The other good thing, is some people don't like smokin' weed, like older folks. So I go to an old-folks home with a tray of brownies and make lots of money.
Anyway, I got a tray almost ready here now.
Holy shit! I lost this gun like three years ago.
It's even loaded.
No shootin' that gun in my trailor!
It was an accident, Ray. Chill out.
This is a great little gun. Basically, you, uh... clip goes in...s just cock it... and you've got about 15 shot as fast as you can pull the trigger. It's a nice, reliable gun, too.
Which is good 'cause you get in a shootout, last thing you want is a cheap gun jammin' up on ya We heard you had some weed brownies.
Could we get some?
What the fuck do you guys want?
I got nothin' ready.
We want some weed brownies Smokes, let's go.
I just rolled them.
Give a couple to her too.
What's up, Trinity?
I got nothin' ready right now, guys. Let's go, get out When can we come back and get some?
Come back later. Get out.
What time, Ricky?
Six o'clock! Are you guys stupid or what?
Your dog's in some shit, dude.
Holy shit!
You little asshole! What were you thinkin'?!
Julian, it's Ricky. Get over here, we got a major situation Ah, fuck!
Ah, I'm fuckin' shot! Get over here!
Get the hell out of my trailor with that gun!
Sorry, Ricky.
It's okay, Trinity, it's not your fault.
Go get daddy a T-shirt from Ray.
Ah, fuck!
You see what happens when you frig around with guns, Ricky?!
Go on, get out of the trailer, for Chrissake!
Shut up! It was a fucking accident!
Who's been into my liquor?
I shot my daddy in the bum and my mommy's going to get mad at me.
These taste funny.
In case you didn't notice, I'm shot in the ass here!
Get out of the trailer, you're bleeding all over the place!
There, how does that feel?
I got shot in the ass!
Jesus Christ! What the hell's goin' on, Ricky Where's the dog?
You stay out of this!
You shut up, Ray!
Don't tell my dad to shut up Where's the dog?
I got shot in the ass by Trevor and Cory! They ran over there. Go get them!
Not paying your drug debts again, hey, Ricky?
Lahey, fuck off!
Open liquor, Ray.
He's on his own property Get the fuck out of here!
Randy, we've got a 10-35 here. I'm going to have to 10-93
What's going on with the dog, Ricky?
Look, we've got a bit of a situa...
Jesus Christ!
Ricky, what's going on with the dog?
I've got a bit of a situation. Grab the dog and let's go!
What do you mean?
I need a doctor. Grab the dog!
What do you mean?
I'll tell you in the truck. It's not my fault. You're the one who left me the dog. I didn't want to look after him anyway.
Ricky, I was gone for 45 minutes!
Look, I'm bleeding to death here. Just get me to a doctor!
Yeah, take you to the doctor. What's gonna happen?
The police will get involved. Ricky, think!
I'm bleedin' to death here! You don't seem to understand that!
Look at my ass!
I don't care about your ass!
I've got to call Levi.
Levi?! fuck Levi! I need medical attention.
Listen, Ricky, if that dog dies, I swear to God, I'll let you bleed to death, alright?!
I don't give a fuck about the dog!
What's more important, me or a dog?!
Shut up!
What's more important?!
Shut up.
I'm fucking bleeding to death here.
Come on, Levi.
Levi! Thank God! I've got a situation on my hands here. Ricky's got a bullet in his ass and he fed the dog a bunch of weed brownies.
I didn't feed the dog!
You fed the dog! Shut up Shut up!
This is fucked up!
What was he thinkin,' leavin ' that poor animal with Ricky?
I don't know. Anyway, I sent them both over to a friend of mine who's a veterinarian. See, now you can always tell somethin' about a person by how they treat animals.
One hour with Ricky and the dog's on drugs.
You must be Levi's friend.
Yeah, listen up, Doc...
Yo, yo, yo, pay attention. This dog is in serious troubles. He ate a bunch of weed brownie and my friend's got a 38 slug in his ass.
I'm bleeding to death big time!
Dog's on dope! You guys are intelligent.
You know what the deal is though, right?
There's a brown-and-white -
Take the keys to my truck. It's right there.
Plates are off it, okay?
There's a brown-and-white barn just down the road.
You can't miss it. There's a riding mower inside.
The farmer owes me a lot of coin, okay?
Pick it up, bring it back. Simple.
Can you just get the fucking bullet out of my ass?
Ricky, Ricky!
I'm bleedin' to death, alright?
I'm sick of this shit. Great! Let's deal with the dog.
What about me?
Shut up!
This'll induce vomiting. He should be alright.
Hopefully, not too much has been digested.
The medication should take effect soon.
Just take him outside, let him throw up and then take him home, give him a good meal and let him sleep it off.
Thanks, Doc.
Okay, big boy, time for you now.
It's about fucking time.
Let me see this...
It's just a flesh wound. What a big wimp!
Oh yeah, just a flesh wound.
Yeah, a couple of stitches will fix ya right up.
Alright, Ricky, we got two minutes.
I want this to be quick and professional.
Here you go, break in.
Why do I have to break in?
Because it's all your fault and I'm in charge.
Hurry up.
It's your fault, you gave me the dog, you idiot.
Hurry up.
Jesus, fuck!
Who the fuck puts an alarm system in a barn? fucking idiots!
Hey, retard, can you hear me? I need a hand in here.
Come fuckin' help us!
Oh, it's in neutral now.
Sorry I'm not so smart. I didn't know that.
Take these planks, get them by the truck.
We've got to get the hell out of here, Ricky., Jesus... I don't mind you guys followin' us around but you can help out, at least Alright, let's go, boys.
Let's go!
Whoa! Who the fuck is that guy What do you want?
Relax, Ricky.
What do you want?
What's goin' on?
Come on!
What in the fuck?!
Get in the truck!
I'm fucking shot!
Ricky, get in the truck! Ricky, get in the truck!
For the love of fuck!
Get in the truck!
Cover me, man!
I don't want to get shot again. I'm fucking shot!
Hold your fire! Somebody's hurt here. Get in Just a second, I'm all caught up here.
Just a minute, Julian.
Here, take this. Just a second Gimme that. Hello...
Hey, sweetie, how ya doin?
Just a sec, here's your dad.
Ricky... Ricky...
It's Trinity.
Hello... Hey, munchkin..
Daddy's bum's fine, sweetie, yeah...
Why are you talkin' so funny?...
Well, don't drink anymore, okay?...
Daddy's got to go, he'll be home soon. Hopefully before mommy..
So stay there, I'll see you in a second.
Here, take this.
Here. Come on.
I got to go in there man, I need medical attention.
I need a doctor! I'm shot!
Ricky, Ricky... Ricky, think about it.
You've got a gunshit wound, alright?
The police are gonna question you.
What do you suggest, Julian?
We're going to the vet.
Get in the truck.
The vet is a dick, Julian.y I only heard of one guy gettin' shot twice in one da on unrelated incidents... and he was a real dick.
Got a comedian here, hey Are you calling me a dick?
What do you think?
Was he calling me a dick Ah...
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
Fuckin' kidding me!
And how's our little gunshit victim tonight?
What's this...
My duty's to inf -
Come back here, you little buggers!
Go deal with that, Lahey, instead of worryin' about us Just relax, Ricky, we're taking care of it.
Thank you, Randy.
Why the light there, Randy Let's just start from the beginning, guys.
What are you writin' there, shit rock?
You think you're smarter than me, don't ya, Ricky?
Well, you're not. The old shit liner is coming to port and I'll be there to tie her up.
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
Lahey, open the gate, okay I'm not in the mood for your cop-wannabe shit.
Please, I've had a long day.
I've had a long day too, there, Julian, , tryin' to make this trailer park a safe, nice place to live a place we can all be proud of And that will happen just as soon as you idiots are back in jail. Especially you, Ricky.
Hey, Lahey, "Knock-knock!"
Who's there, Rick?
Mr. Stupidy-head who's fuckin' pissing me off right now and he thinks he's captain of the shit water.
And by the way, your fishsticks suck.
So fuck off! Open the gate That's real smart, Ricky Let 'em through, Randy.
Are you sure, Mr. Lahey?
Get out of the way.
Stop it!
Bunch of jerks.
Hey, Lucy, I'm home!
Where the fuck have you been?
Shut up, Trinity's trying to sleep.
Where the fuck have you been?
Well, didn't you hear? I got shot twice today, in the ass and in the arm.
Yeah, well you know what? Trinity came home drunk again today.
That's a really good example of good parenting.
My dad passed out. It was an accident -
Okay, whatever.
Get the fuck out of here. Get out of here.
Guys I guess you're going to have to leave.
Don't tell them what to do. Come, I want to talk to you.
It was an accident. I was supposed to go buy some dope and be back in half an hour. I got shot. I'm so sorry.
Trinity shot me in the ass and -
You're still fuckin' here. Get the fuck out!
How was surgery today?
I didn't have surgery today.
You didn't have surgery?
No. By the way...
Happy Birthday.
Oh, you tricked me.
You went shoppin' today, didn't ya?
Thank you very much.
Happy birthday.
And here's the new N.W.A. that you wanted.
No way, Grandma!
Thank you, thank you.
Here, give me a hug. ...little Sparky.
Thank you.
What's wrong with Sparky? He's acting up today.
Uh, he's, uh...
There was a cat over at the house and...
Oh. You're having another drink?
This is the last one I'm havin' tonight.
Well, let's hope it is.
I've only had a few today.
Only a few today.
I don't like to see you drinking too much.
It's not good for anybody.
Next message.
Hey, Julian, it's Ricky.
Just lettin' ya know that I'm single now.
I could really use a friend, so if you want to stop by and get drunk I'll be sleepin' in my car in my dad's driveway.
See ya.
Next message.
Julian, that dog is all buggered up and silly.
What did you give it, liquor? I love you, dear.
Next message.
Hey, Julian, it's Billy, the soundman.
Thanks for droppin' me off at the hospital.
The doctor said you saved my life.
Um... I'm out of surgery, things went really well.
I should be back in four to six weeks.
So- so don't let 'em fire me.
This is the best job I've ever had. See ya.
That must be Ricky right now It's scary, but Ricky's actually starting to get his shit together.
I guess he didn't drink last night so that he could take his family on a picnic today and not be hung over I'm pretty impressed with him.
How's it going, Rick?
What's going on man?
Look, can I borrow your propane stove and ten bucks for smokes?
Ten bucks?
All right, it's no big deal, it's just the radiator.
Shut it down, let's go, let's go.
Christ! Someone want to get me out of this thing before it explodes?
Randy get the fire extinguisher. Better call the fire department before Mr. Stupid's car explodes.
Frig off, Lahey.
Did you just call my son stupid, asshole?
This happens all the time, it's no big deal. It's just a fuckin' radiator Yeah, I called your son stupid!
Break it up! Break it up Get off!
You sonofa...
Lucy, I just can't believe you blame this on me.
You're the one who left it running.
Well, I wasn't...
If you hadn't left the car running, it wouldn't have over-heated.
This is all your fault. Family day is ruined.
No, the thing is Lucy, is that when I had the car runnin' in the driveway there was all these things going on, you were fixin' your hair and If I'd known it was going to take so long I wouldn't have left it runnin'.
You're going to turn this around on me?
I ruined family day. It's all Lucy's fault.
It's not all your fault, but ninety percent.
This is never going to work. This is ridiculous.
What is that supposed to mean?
What is wrong with this relationship?
Nothin', that's what. We have a fuckin' pic -
I'm sorry about the swearing. We'll have a picnic tomorrow Ricky, come on, man, forget about it.
Let's go down to the trailer and get drunk. Come on.
Dad, I've got to get the car goin' here. I'll be with you in a minute Tell Mommy I'm sorry, all right? I'm just stressed out 'cause I didn't get drunk last night.
I know it's not your fault Yeah, this is like the seventh time Lucy's dumped him since he's gotten out of jail. I think it's ridiculous.
You know, Julian probably has everything to do with it 'cause she fell for him back in junior high and you never really get over that kind of shit, you know?
I'd be worried if they got back together though.
It's my one chance to show I'm a good guy.
I didn't even get drunk last night and now, instead, I'm fuckin' stupid again.
And that's my fault?
Well, I'm gonna get drunk with my dad, so fuck all.
Hey, Dad, wait up.
Next message.
Hey, Julian, it's me.
If you heard the headline, Ricky and I are totally over You know, maybe it would be a different story if, like, it was a permanent thing and I had a ring on my finger or somethin'.
But I don't so, you know, whatever. You should call me 'cause I'm just sittin' here all alone gettin' drunk and, you know, you can come by if you want.
I've got lots of rum.
I need some advice. I gotta go see Bubbles.n Plato is the smartest ma that ever lived.
He said it's okay to lie if it truly benefits the cause of the people.
Sucker called it the noble lie So, you have to lie to Lucy, Julian, otherwise she's never gonna leave you alone.
Besides, it's a good lie.
Ricky and Lucy love each other It's not gonna hurt anything I don't feel good lying about Ricky wanting to marry her, but, you know, how else am I going to get them back together?
He loves you guys so much. Do you know that?
Why are we talking about Ricky? You know.
Why are we talking about anything?
You know what I'm saying?
'Cause, Lucy, I wasn't supposed to tell you this, all right.
But Ricky told me that he was going to ask you to marry him today at the picnic. No, I'm serious.
That's why he's so upset. I'm serious.
He's going to ask me to marry him?
You should give him another chance.
Come on.
You're lying.
Lucy, I'm...
You know how I know you're lying? Because these guys are here.
No, no, no..
Lucy, I'm telling you the truth.
What? What?
What the hell is this?
No, don't you "Lucy" me. You come in here with your little TV crew just to add a little bit of drama to get rid of me and Trinity so that you don't have to...
Lucy, I'm not lyin'.
Get your hand off me.
I'm not lyin'.
You're not lyin'?
Well, if you're not lying, why isn't Ricky in front of me, on his knee, right now, asking me for my hand in marriage, eh?
No reason, because it's not true. I'll believe it when I see it.
Now, I just have to convince Ricky to go through with it.
That might not be easy.
You can't be sittin' in the middle of the road drinkin'.
It's against the law.
Ricky, shut up!
This is drunk and disorderly You owe me a twelve-pack of beer, asshole!
Ricky! Would you guys stop it? Lahey, Lahey...
I do not believe how stupid these guys are.
Like father, like stupid son.
Lahey, Lahey get him off the street.
We've been trying to get him off the damn street.
Well, get him out of here. Go mow some lawns or something, you greasy bastard.
Mr. Lahey, do you want a smoke? 'Cause I got one right fuckin' here for ya.
Ricky, you've got one joke in your "resitory."
You owe me a beer and you owe me a beer, you assholes.
Don't you have some offs to fuck there, boys? fuck off!
Come on Ricky, I've got to talk to you about something important, alright?
What are ya goin' to talk to me about?
I just got to talk to ya I'm sorry, Julian.
I guess I fucked up again, didn't I, buddy?
Seems like I'm always fuckin' up.
Hey man, you're not listening to me, buddy.
I'm here. Ricky!
Seems like I'm always fucking up and you're always comin' to my rescue, man.
The thing is, we've got this plutonium-kind of love shit goin' and I don't want to fuck that up, alright?
All right.
I love you, buddy.
O.k., buddy. Alright.
I'm serious, man, I fuckin' love you, alright.
Can I have a drink of that please, buddy?
Ricky, do you know what you got to do?
You got to ask Lucy to marry ya.
What are you talkin' about I got no money, man.
Like, I don't know, I'm not in any rush to marry Lucy.
What's the big deal? Why do you give a shit?
Alright, I didn't wanna tell you this o. k., but because you haven't married Lucy yet, a lot of people are sayin' you might be gay.
Gay? Me?
I'm not gay, you idiot. I love Lucy.
I know what's goin' on. I totally got it figured out It's just the way that I act towards you, like the way that I act when I'm around you and stuff.
That's what's going on here.
No, Ricky, it's because you've been with Lucy for eight years, you have a child together, you're not married, people think that's weird.
Man! Maybe I am gay.
Holy fuck!
I'm gay.
Oh, Ricky is so not gay.
What, did Cory and Trevor tell you that?
Here come fucking Cory and Trevor now.
Man those guys are always, like, gay this, and fuckin' gay everything I think they're gay.
See I think it's kind of odd for two guys to be huggin' in a car parked on the side of the road.
You know we're not sayin' it's gay or anything.
I don't know what would make somebody gay, if that would make them gay or not..
Ya, I don't know if they're gay.
It's definitely weird.
You don't hug people all the time., I'd hug him if, like, his mother died or something but their mother didn't die. You know what I'm sayin'?
So, I don't know, it's kinda strange.
You're not gay Ricky.
I don't know. It seems like I must be, I guess.
Don't... Ricky forget I even brought that up, o. k.
I'm not going to forget about it. I think we're both gay.
We're not gay.
Listen, I just heard people talkin' about you being gay and stuff.
You know, and I know you better than anybody else; you're not gay.
You don't think?
No. We're going to go to Levi's house, you're gonna ask him for some help getting a job and then you're gonna go over at Lucy's place and ask her to marry ya.
Well, if I ask Lucy to marry me, do you think it's going to cancel out all the gay stuff with everybody Totally. Totally. People do it every day.
I hope so.
People are talkin' about you, they're not talkin' about me Well, we're either both gay or both not gay.
How are you doing, Son?
Good. Give me a hug.
Oh, give me some suga'.
Hey, how are ya doin'? Good to see ya.
Hey, Dez, good to see ya.
Hi, Ricky.
So, what's up, boys?
Ricky. He wants to ask you a favor, Levi.
I know you ain't goin' to ask me for no dollars, now, boy.
No, Levi, I'm not asking you for money.
The thing is, I'm looking for a job here I'm tryin' to get my shit together.
I want to marry Lucy and have Trinity, but everyone around this stupi trailer park thinks I'm gay now.
Ricky... Levi, no.
He was hoping you'd make a couple calls for him, Levi Maybe get him on the city or somethin' and...
If you can.
Do you remember what happened last time?
Levi, look I haven't drank and drive in over two years, alright.
And I'm sorry about that. If I could go back in time I would.
It was one of those things you do when you're young, you're stupid, you know, you have a few drinks. The next thing you know, you're in a vehicle smashing into things. It was an accident.
It was Ricky's first day on the job and he decides to take us in the dump truck for a joy ride.
He comes bombing down here showing off...
You know there are certain accidents where you may be drunk and on drugs, but it's going to happen anyway whether you are or you're not.
And then the truck starts to spin sideways and flip around...
Garbage truck. I mean the shocks are different, a lot more weight...
Drags upside down across the ground here, sparks flying everywhere..
The next thing I know, we're crashing into stuff, things are catching on fire.
He rocks into Terry's Monte Carlo and the Monte Carlo was dope too, man. It's so sad He just completely flattens it Like I said, it was no big deal.
I don't know why I got fired over it, which really pissed me off That's the first time he went to jail, after that stunt It was. He was like a hero for about two seconds.
Look, I haven't dranken and droven in about two years, alright.
I'm not going to screw up like that again.
O.k. Now, Ricky. Now, you really want to get your life turned around, yes...
Yes, that's why I'm here. I want to get married to Lucy and you know, me and Trinity and Lucy can live happily ever after.
I'll get a real job, grow dope.
Are you going to work hard at that job?
Ya, I swear to God.
Levi, I would not come here an ask you this unless I'd changed.
I'm not an idiot.
I never said you were an idiot.
I'm a big fucking man.
You are. And you're trying to come here to ask me to do you a favor and you're lying to me. Get out of here. Go on.
Get out of here.
You know forget it. I told you this was a stupid idea, you dick.
Well, you're being stupid again Ricky, that's why. I just don't know how to express myself sometimes when I need to be properly different.
I got an appointment at 2:30 today with a bank manager.
I want to get a loan. The thing is, , I want to do this by myself. I don't need other people's help especially Julian's.
Why are you - fucking - with - me?
I want $1,500. I need 1,000 for my dope equipment and that will leave me 500 to buy Lucy a nice ring.
If the fucking car would start You know my life's finally back together, so things are good, you know. I'm in the right direction You little fuckers!
You're lucky I'm busy right now.
Anyway, the car won't fucking start so I'm going to see if Julian will drive me to the fuckin' bank.
Just one minute.
I'll just wait over there.
How's it goin'? I'm here to see some guy named Mclntyre Richard?
How's it going?
I can smoke in here right?
No smoking in here sir.
For fuck's sakes. How's it going?
So, when did you get out?
I'm sorry?
Oh, I'm sorry. I thought.. . I know Dez and Levi.
You... weren't you in jail Ya.
Are they with you? What's with the camera?
I'm just doing a little documentary on my life.
You know, we've looked at all the... Um, sorry, we're in a meeting here.
No, come on in, guys. I want you to see how fucked Up this is.
I've been in jail, I paid my debt to society and I still can't get a loan. That's pretty fucked.
Richard, just calm down.
I'm not calmin' down, I'm pissed off here.
Now, uh I really don't think you should have this attitude.
I think it's just getting little too tight in here for me.
It's kind of pissing me off. The thing is that between me and you, I'm going to be growing a bit of dope, alright?
I'm going to have lots of fuckin' money. I'm not asking you for a house here.
I think you should just leave. fuck this shit. fuck off fuck off. fuck you.
You fucking asshole! I've been sexually assaulted here.
The man tried to abuse me at a party.
No that's not true.
He abuses men and women all over the place.
That's not true.
Julian! I need some help here.
God, is he a friend of yours?
Can I still call ya?
Do you have a number or anything?
I still can't believe the way those fucking gorilla's threw me out of that bank, man You could have backed me up instead of trying to make a girlfriend.
How am I supposed to buy a fucking wedding ring now, Julian?
Check these guys out.
What the hell are they doin'
They stealin' gas?
What's going on, dickweeds What's up, dude?
Let's go, smokes.
Here's the deal, boys. I'm going to borrow your car for a couple of hours.
Alright. Are we gettin' your truck?
You guys are so fuckin' stupid, did you know that?
What are you guys gonna do with my car?
Knock, knock, boys.
Who's there?
Let's go, guys.
I don't mind you guys followin' us around. Let's go.
So, what the fuck is going on here?
Why are we in Trevor and Cory's car?
Because we're going to do a B&E.
A B&E?
That's pretty smart. The last time we did a B&E I got shot Ricky...
I'm not going back to jail, Julian.
We're going to get you a ring today, all right?
The thing is, when you're shoppin' for a ring you gotta take your time because, you know, it's my wife we're talking about.
She's not going to be wearing one of those cubic "zarcarbian" fucking things.
She's gonna have a nice ring.
And we know this guy who has a jewelry store that ripped him off a few years ago.
Ya, he's a fuckin' dick. I sold him a bunch of weed and he never ever paid me for it, so fuck him.
I don't feel bad for fuckin' him over.
No, I mean, that's what insurance companies are for anyways.
It's not a big deal. He's going to get his money back.
Shhh! Shh, shh.
Hello. Mr. Peterson from next door, just checking out your pipes All clear. Go upstairs, I'm going to go to the kitchen What in the fuck...?
Julian, I need some help up here! Aaah! fuck!
What are you doing? cocksucker came at me man.
I'll probably get rabies. Am I bleedin'?
Yeah, you got a scratch. Put your gun down, Ricky.
What were you thinking?
Did you find a ring?
Yeah, I found a treasure chest. Check that out.
Well, bring it downstairs, I got a cheese sandwich for ya You little dick!
Walk in there and this thing just jumps at me.
I fucking could have been killed.
Now take your time, Ricky, o. k.? This is important Don't worry about the price.
What about this one?
Let me see.
No, that's not Lucy.
Yeah, I guess you're right This one's nice.
That looks like somethin from a bubble-gum machine, Rick.
Well, what do you think? I'm not very good at this.
I've never done this before.
There we go, that's Lucy Oh, man, perfect. It's beautiful.
Everybody out.
Did she just dial 911?
Come on.
Come on, guys. Holy fuck Ricky! Get in! Quick!
Swallow the ring. Here, take this.
Swallow the ring.
He's fucking pullin' us over Ricky, swallow that ring.
Man! We're fucked, dumb ass.
Get us out of this.
Just don't fuckin' say a word.
Get us out of this.
You do the talkin', man.
I'm not fuckin' going back to jail, you idiot.
I got a ring stuck in my throat. fuck.
Gentlemen! driver's license and registration please.
Uh, this isn't our car and I checked in here and...
You have no registration, no nothing? Out of the car, guys.
For fuck's sakes.
Out of the car.
O.k., guys. what's your first name, bud?
Randy who?
Randy Lahey.
Randy Lahey.
Yup. You look familar. I know you from somewhere too.
You know Jim or Jim knows you or somethin' like that.
Oh, the whole Jim trick.
Yeah, like everybody knows someone named Jim, right?
So, when he gets in shit for something he just throws the name Jim out there and he figures someone will pick up on it.
Gives him and "eh"? And then, he's home free.
...Jim really well don't ya, or somethin'. Or Jim knows you Jim, my father Jim you mean?
Oh, he's your father. Man, I didn't know that.
Yeah, he mentioned he had a son on the force, that's right You know the old man?
Yeah, him and my dad go way back.
Small world.
Yeah, sure is for sure.
Sorry about the trike. We bought it for my daughter for her birthday., Yeah, well, sorry about the hassle, but I mean, you know like I say, I got to check to make sure you guys do have paperwork for this vehicle and all that.
Oh, absolutely, definitely.
I guess everything's o. k. here.
I'll just take that tricycle with me, you guys...
If you could take that, that'd be great.
Yeah, you guys can, uh.. . you guys can go on your way.
Great. You don't have any smokes do ya?
Smokes? Yeah actually I go one in my viser there. Want one?
There you go, right on.
O.k., nice seeing you.
O.k., guys. Anyways, slow her down.
You guys were going a little fast back there too eh.
So, just slow her down and be careful, eh?
You think Lucy's going to marry me or what?
Yeah, why?
What, are you kidding me Ricky all you can do is ask and all she can say is yes or no.
She's gonna marry ya.
All right man, hurry up I've got to get this ring out of me See ya in a bit.
Hey, boy.
I've got to use the can Dad, just a sec.
What's going on with Ricky Are you all right, Ricky?
There's some supper here if you want.
This is the Holy Bible...
Dad, did you see my pepperoni?
Ya, and um... it's where Calvin... and I'm a Calvinist.
I mean, when it comes to love you see.
See, like Tammy was my love.
See, I was graced by her and I hope and pray that Ricky is. I think he is but, if he's not, God bless his soul, there's nothing he can do about it That's pre-destination. Some people might think that that's awfully cruel, but that's life.
Dad, what in the fuck are you talkin' about?
Just give me a second here. I'm just trying to explain..
I'm tellin' 'em about pre - destination for Christ's sake.
You know. Pre-destination, love, grace, Calvin.
Come on, man, you know.
Where's my pepperoni?
Dad, are you sleepin'?
I don't know where the fuck Julian's at, but we're going to find him, I'll tell you that.
He's definitely not home, I don't see anything going on here.
He's not home.
Hey, Ricky.
What's goin' on?
Nothin'. What are you doin'?
Just hanging out, I've been here about an hour What are you doin' here?
You look really good.
Do you want to get in?
Levi called.
And, uh... you're the new garbage guy for the park.
No fuckin' way.
Totally, totally.
I got the job?
Totally, you totally got it. It was wicked.
This day's turnin' out to be perfect, you know that Ya.
Julian even found a girlfriend, can you believe that?
Ya, some girl named Candi. She's awesome.
Who is she?
I don't really know her.
Her name's Candi, but she seems like a great girl.
Did you meet her?
You know there's only one more thing left to do to make this day complete.
You met her? Is she like..
Lucy, listen to me for a minute, alright, I want to ask you somethin'.
What? Yeah.
What do you think?
Do you want to get married or somethin'?
Do you love me?
Lucy, I love you so much So what do you think?
Would you want to get married to me?
We're going to get married?
Oh, Lucy, come here.
You guys rolling there?
Oh, guys, I've matured.
You know, I'm learnin' a lot more.
I'm feelin' pretty smart, actually.
And I'm not swearing nearly as much as I used to.
I only get drunk on weekends now. And I'm growing dope, so...
The whole documentary thing for me has been really good.
And tomorrow, I get married.
So life doesn't get much better than this for Ricky I just wish Julian would stop acting like a dick. It's pissing me off.
Next message.
Hey, Julian, it's Lucy.
Sorry to bother you, but Ricky has done nothing for the wedding. Nothing. And it's tomorrow. We don't have a priest, we don't have a place and I mean, at the very least, we should have some food.
There's no food at all. You know, I want it to be nice and everything.
I don't know what to do. If you don't call me back, I think I'm just gonna have to cancel the -
Luce. Yeah. No...
Lucy, calm down, alright. I was in the shower...
I've got everything taken care of...
Yes, everything's taken care of...
Alright, alright. I promise. Okay. Bye-bye.
You know, tomorrow's my big day and I shouldn't have to worry about anything else.
Julian's gonna take care of it all and so now I just have to focus on my stag-ette.
A man's coming over to our place tonight to dance with his bum out.
We're gonna have a few drinks, a little special entertainer is going to come over and dance for us.
And there's gonna be a little bit of partying just for the girls, know what I'm sayin'?
We're just doin'a bit of drinkin'.
Julian's gonna have a surprise stag party for Ricky tonight And, uh, just workin' a buzz up.
I can't wait to get loaded with those guys tonight.
Yeah, it's gonna be, like, a huge party and there's gonna be lots of booze and liquor.
And free food. And there's gonna be strippers and it's gonna be awesome.
And Ricky's gonna get drunk and puke and end up in the drunk tank. And later on, there's gonn a be a wedding the next night and that's gonna have food and booze and that's gonna be awesome.
There's gonna be, like, 100 people there.
Hopefully, they'll all be ladies, 'cause it's all about ladies.
It's all about the ladies.
Yeah, man. Candy will bring some of her friends.
She'll hook us up.
Let's go get some more beer.
Sorry, but you don't have what we're looking for.
Yeah, I think Julian wants this more than anybody, you know?
What better way to get Lucy, Trinity and Ricky off his back so he can go off and have his new little relationship than to marry them all off to each other? I think it's a great plan.
And the thing is, it's amazing, it's scary how much we have in common.
We've been spending a lot of free time together.
It's great, he's awesome.
Hey, baby, what are you doin'?
I'm washing the truck.
You don't got to be washin' my truck.
I like washing the truck Cory and Trevor, I'll get them dicks to do it. Come on Okay.
Get down here.
Julian finally called me I guess he's basically takin' care of everything.
He's got a bunch of food and stuff, a couple of barbecues, his music...
You gonna answer that?
It's Lucy.
Hi, Julian. It's Trinity. I love you.
That little girl thinks the world of you.
You're like a second dad to her.
Yeah, she's a little angel I just wish her mother would stop driving me crazy with all this wedding shit. I just want to be left alone Yeah, I don't know if you want to be left alone, Julian.
Just make sure you don't fuck around on Trinity, make sure you're there for her. 'Cause...
I know what it's like if parents fuckin'... fuckin' leave on ya. You know what I mean?
One day they're there and you wake up and you're all by your fuckin' self.
For the rest of your fuckin' life.
Livin' in a fuckin' shed and wonderin' what the fuck happened to your parents.
You okay, buddy?
Yeah, I'm fine.
When I think about it, It kind of pisses me off. Like...
I can plan my own wedding.
I'm not a total, complete idiot, alright?
And if Julian thinks he needs to babysit me like a little two-year-old kid or whatever, he doesn't.
I'm not stupid, I can plan my own wedding, Julian, if your watching this shit.
Sorry, sweetie, I forgot I had a cigarette in my mouth.
Julian, it's Lucy. I got your message, finally.
Thanks for calling so fast. Anyway. Listen, don't give me that bullshit about not having any money for food. There's no food, there's no wedding.
And I don't care how you get it. And don't get any sausage, get the all-beef kind. If not for me, then can you do it for Trin?
I really thought you'd be able to help me out with this..
Could you just call me back?
Robberies are simple. It's all about fire power.
If you have enough guns, it scares people, they freeze up and they won't try to stop ya.
You're in and out in two minutes. This is gonna be a professional job.
Listen up, boys. ' We need a truck.
Why? You got one., Oh that's pretty smart, Cory. My truck, my license plate me back in jail. That's real smart.
We'll just jack one from the strip club. There's always trucks there.
There you go. Smart one, Trev.
I can take care of all the shopping carts.
Checking over the carts for tonight.
Have to be perfect, can't be fucked up.
First thing that can go on them is the wheels.
That there one's no fucking good. Bearings are gone.
Might as well get rid of it right now.
That's a keeper.
That's a keeper. Everything has to be perfect I can't let the boys down tonight. That's my specialty I'm not stupid, you know Even though people sometimes say that I am, I'm not.
And I know those guys have been meeting secretly without me all week, but to hell with those guys.
Let's go. Open the fuckin' doo or I'm burning the trailer down.
Open up. I know you're in there.
How's it goin', Ricky?
Some best man you turned out to be, you dick Anyway, don't worry about it I'm gonna find a new best man. Is Bubbles home?
What's goin' on here?
It's your stag party, you bastard.
No way, man. You guys had me all fucked up.
Get that into you, Rick. Get you all fucked up.
What is it?
That's swish, brother.
Yeah, knock her back. Come on.
Drink, man. Come on.
Puts hair on your chest, man.
Alright, I gotta take a leak Someone mix me another drink.
Yeah, I will.
I told you guys not to drink., If we don't concentrate on getting Ricky drunk tonight you're gonna fuck up the entire robbery. Understand me?
Yeah, that's cool.
Smarten up.
I don't know, boys. This is awesome. I wasn't expecting this.
There you go.
Thanks, Levi.
Anybody else wants a drink No.
No, we're cool.
Say what?
You guys are whack.
It's your night, dude.
Cheers, guys.
Drink up, buddy.
Here you go, Rick. Get it in ya. Come on, buddy What's the plan for tonight?
Lots of drinks and lots of strippers.
No way! Strippers?
Okay, boys.
To Ricky.
Come on, Rick.
To my boy, who's gettin' married.
Toast with your dad. Come on I love you guys.
Come on, buddy.
I love you, boy.
Another tray of shooters, please.
I can't fuckin' hold him. I can't hold him. Watch out.
Shut that thing off.
Open the back window.
He's out for the night.
How's Ricky?
He's gone dude, he's asleep.
Alright. guns loaded? guns loaded.
Masks on?
Alright. Two minutes, guys No mistakes.
Let's do it.
Everybody down!
This is a robbery. Everyone, stay calm!
We don't want your money and we don't want to hurt anybody.
We just want some food.
Stop fuckin' around, get in position.
Let's go, let's go, let's go This is gonna be the best wedding ever, dude.
What the fuck are you doing with so many bananas, dude...fuck with the corkscrews and shit, man? fuck, why are you always telling me what to do?
...bananas in the cart, dude. No one eats bananas at a wedding.
...some smokes?
Hands up!
Put your guns down!
It's us! It's us! It's us!
Don't shoot, you dicks!
What the fuck's going on here?
I just came in here for smokes. What the hell's going on?
Sorry, dude, man. Didn't know., You're stupid, you're stupid you're a fuckin' idiot.
The fuckin' gun's broke.
You could've killed me over there!
It's broken.
What the fuck?
Ricky, shut up.
Oh, for fuck's sakes.
Let's go, let's go! Everybody out.
Out of the way, dudes.
Ah, fuck.
Get in the truck, Ricky.
Come on, move! Come on, boys!
What's with all these fuckin' bananas?
I fucked up!
I have to get the cart in. fuck off with cart, Bubbles!
Come on, I'm not leaving this fucking cart!
Get in the fuckin' truck ! Get in!
Jesus Christ., You know, I may not have done all the right stuff in my life or done smart stuff. But guys, maybe I shouldn't be commentin' here, but that was pretty fuckin' dumb. Alright?
You're robbin' a fuckin' grocery store. You didn't even tell me.
I'm fuckin' on video tape no firing handguns with no mask on!
You guys are fuckin' dumb!
Ricky, would you calm down I'm not gonna calm down, Julian.
Calm down.
I'm pissed off. I'm pissed off at you and especially you two dicks You guys are really fuckin' stupid.
Ricky, sorry, man.
But, you were shootin' at us too.
I'm drunk! I'm really drunk!
I don't need this shit!
I'm gettin' married tomorrow !
Ricky, would you shut up Everything's gonna be cool ! Trust me!
Can everyone please stop it.
Oh, look, you're making Bubbles cry.
Just shut up.
I'm sorry, alright? I'm drunk...
Last night was a fucking nightmare, but, you know, nobody got shot, so...
Just waitin' for Candy. Oh, here she comes now.
You better chill before you get knocked out. Chill Anyway, I got a big surprise for her. She's gonna freak out And I'm nervous.
Oh, my God! It's beautiful Yeah, you think so?
It's like a castle.
So what do you think?
What do I think?
You wanna move in with me?
I would lo -
I bought it.
Really? I'd love to move in with you, sweetie.
You sure?
I got this on camera, in case you want to change your mind Uh-uh.
No? Alright.
You guys want to get this on tape?
I mean, this is what life's all about.
You know, it doesn't get any better than this.
And, you know, after today, we're gonna be a legal family.
It's gonna be pretty cool. It's gonna be on paper and everything.
There's somethin' I want to tell you girls, alright I love you both with my whole heart.
Who the fuck is that dick?
You expectin' anyone?
No, I'm not expectin' anyone. You expectin' anyone?
What do you want? Who the hell are ya?
Hello, Rick.
How the fuck do you know my name?
Just relax, Rick.
I was wonderin' if you knew... anything about any of the stuff that's been goin' down around here lately.
What stuff?
I don't know. You tell me.
Why would I know anything about anything goin' on round here?
You're sure? You wouldn't be lying to me, would you, Rick Why would I lie to ya?
Tell ya what, Rick.
You take that.
You find yourself you might remember something you forgot to tell me, you can give me a call.
I'm having a flashback right now, actually, about somethin' I wanted to tell ya. I wrote it down, I think.
Yeah, there it is. Copy right there for ya.
Very nice.
You know what that means It means fuck off.
We'll see ya soon, Rick.
What do you mean by that Precisely what I said. That's why I chose the words Today's a very special day, Ricky's wedding day.
I'm gonna give him a special wedding present, hand-delivered personally.
I figure there's probably gonna be at least 100 people that are gonna be comin' to the park.
I mean, they're probably gonna be all drunk and stoned and everything.
We're gonna have to make sure that things don't get out of control, Mr. Lahey.
We're gonna see the best collection of losers this park's seen for many a year.
Loser convention.
Man, that suit looks dope.
Right on.
You look really good too.
What's wrong?
I'm probably just being stupid, but have you seen that dick drivin' around the park?
Well, he's an undercover cop, I can tell ya that.
So, you're afraid of some cop?
Yeah, I am afraid of this cop.
'Cause he's intense.
Like a frog runnin' along the highway.
Eventually some car's gonna hit ya and this is the fuckin' car Ricky, Ricky. You're just paranoid. Come on, don't worry about this stuff Yeah, you're probably right. I can't go back to jail, Julian.
Alright? That stuff that happened there fucked me up.
I still think about it every fuckin' day.
And the biggest thing is that I can't go back to jail alone.
'Cause I can't look after myself in there.
You know what I'm sayin?
I know, but don't worry.
You're not going back to jail, alright?
You're not goin' back to jail, I'm not goin' back to jail It wasn't my idea to rob that store, Julian.
I-I know. Listen, look at me.
I promise you. You're not gonna go back to jail.
Oh, my.
My, my, my. She is beautiful.
So, you're all dressed up today.
Yeah, I got my tuxedo on Hey, maybe you can fix my tie for me.
Yeah, why not.
Tricked ya. It's not even real.
A hundred and fifty bucks for one of those real fuckers.
I wish Rick and Lucy all the best.
'Cause they're in love and not all hung up on past people that they went out with in the past.
By that, I mean people that they slept with before they got together.
And I don't mean Julian by that- Ow!
Chill, man. fuck, you didn't have to hit me, you dick.
This is like a wedding video and shit, man.
You got to have more respect than that. Come on, man.
This is gonna be on a tape now and seen and everything and we look like dicks. Nice one.
On behalf of the bride and groom, I'd like to thank everyone for their support on this very special day.m And instead of the traditional vows, the bride and the groo have decided to write their own.
I, Lucy, promise to love you and respect for you and be truthful for you as long as I live.
I, Richard, promise to love and not break the law as much as I used to I promise to be a good father to my child and to not to swear anymore or as much as I do in public places.
And I promise to love you as much as I can and as often as I can under the circumstances.
Well, I think we should have the rings.
You got the rings? Oh, can you hold this?
What goes on here now?
Um... here.
Do you Lucy take Ricky -
Oh, for fuck's sakes.
Trevor, Cory, these guys are here for you, I guess.
Hands on your head.
What's this bullshit?
How could you do this?
I didn't do anything.
Hands on your head.
What the fuck's going on here?
Hands on your head, Rick Oh, man, I'm pissed off now.
Jesus Christ, I'm tryin' to get fuckin' married here.
Holy fuck.
Oh, for fuck's sakes. I can't believe this shit.
Julian, look at this shit. My wedding's all fucked up This is bullshit, Julian, what the fuck's going on here?
This isn't my fault. There's a lot more people here guiltier than I am.
Trevor and Cory.
I'm goin' back to jail here.
Julian, I'll see ya in a couple of hours.
We got to work this shit out. Everybody stay here.
The wedding'll continue in about a couple of hours -
Don't bother, Ricky. Let's get real.
We're gonna take care of a couple of things. I love you, Dad. fuck off, Lahey. I wanna make a citizen's arrest on this guy...illegal procedures going on. I want this camera crew arrested.
I want you arrested for this. I want that soundman arrested.
I want everyone arrested!
Leahy, you're fucking going down for this, you jackass Let's pack it up...
I'm pissed off over here Nobody go anywhere, alright?
For the first couple of weeks that I came back to jail..
I was still pissed off, because they used all this documentary footage against us to convict us.
And I was pissed off about the whole court-room scene And I shouldn't have defended myself, I know that now., and for the first two weeks in jail, I basically partied I did a lot of drugs and I was getting drunk.y And now I realize that you gotta try and stay awa from all that stuff in here. And basically, if you're gonna be in here, you may as well use the time to get smarter.
I learned about relationships, how it's probably a good thing to take a break once in a while from your relationship, 'cause when the break's over, it's, uh... it's stronger, I guess.
So as far as Lucy and Trinity goes, that's probably good, Takin' a break from dope is even a good kind of a break because when you smoke dope again, you get a lot more fucked up.
What Ricky's talkin' about Is the power of positive thinking Now, I've been doing a lot of reading in here about that, and I've learned to take a negative situationy and turn it into a positive one. And I've been telling Rick all about it and -
It's all in how you look at it. I mean, you can pretend you're in jail or right now I'm pretendin' I'm in university.
If you look at jail in a positive manner...
I mean, you eat three times a day, okay?
You have a schedule, you follow that schedule.
You have a lot of time to yourself to read, to reflect on life and hang out with your friends I'm glad I went to jail and the only thing I really miss is probably having regular dope all the time, gettin' drunk regularly, and I miss Lucy and Trinity.
But other than that, I fuckin' love being in jail Positive thinkin', Ricky. Fourty-five days, buddy.
It's easy.
Sloppy Joes tomorrow.
Oh, yeah. It's Thursday. Right on.
We'll be Okay.
I was just on my way to get Ricky and Julian.
They're getting out of jail today.
Jesus, I hope I don't get pulled over.
No license, registration, insurance.
Not a fucking thing.
Wake-up call, Delta, Charley blocks.
Pick up, Gate 2.
We're out of jail.
How's it going, buddy? fuck, it's good to see you, man.
Oh, you too.
How come you guys got your suits on?
Remember, we got busted at the wedding.
We didn't have any other clothes to put on, for fuck's sakes.
Well, you look good. First day out of jail.
Look who I brought.
How's it going, boys?
Good to see you.
So, what's the plan, boys?
Bubbles, listen to this. Ricky and I, we're sick of going back and forth to jail.
Jail is bullshit, man. You can't even smoke in there.
The dope sucks. It's fucked.
I hate it when you guys are in jail.
Yeah, no kidding. So do we.
I've got a plan, alright? It's called Freedom 35.
What's a Freedom 35?
You're not going to believe this. It's perfect.
Julian's got these guards on the inside, they're going to smuggle in a bunch of dope that we grow, sell it for big money in there, and then we can retire and never have to break the law again. It's perfect. It's easy.
All we have to do is get some equipment and grow dope.
And where do you get the money for the equipment?
Here it comes.
I've thought of this one, Bubbles. It's perfect.
We're going to go to the shopping mall right now, steal 20 or 30 car stereos, sell them to J-Roc.
That should give us enough money to start up this business.
It's not a problem.
No big deal.
Julian, I picked you up at jail ten minutes ago.
And now you are telling me we're going to steal car stereos.
But in order to stop breaking the law, we gotta break the law just for a couple of minutes, and then we'll be done. We'll retire.
I don't know, boys.
I don't want you guys to go back to jail already.
You see?
Guys, I've got this all figured out.
It's going to work like a charm. Don't worry about it.
Ricky, what did we agree to in jail?
About me budgeting my cigarettes.
No, the other thing. "Julian's thinking is..."
Julian's thinking is clearer than Ricky's.
Well, Ricky and Julian, I know they got to steal some car stereos and what not to get back on their feet, but I don't want to have any fucking part of that.
I got my own business at the mall.
This is a good cart, even though there's no fucking wheels on it.
I got wheels at home that will fit right on her.
It's a fucking gold mine down there.
Come back for those cocksuckers later.
Hey, hey, hey! What the hell are you guys doing?!
What does it look like we're doing?
It looks like you're doing something you shouldn't be doing.
Actually, we're doin' something we should be doing, alright?
Hey, I'm the mall manager.
I know who you are, pal, and you got a real problem with mall security.
This is the seven stereos I've lost in this mall now, because people are breaking in, cause you're not doing your fucking job.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, guys.
Jesus, I didn't... I really didn't mean to accuse you, it's just, I'm a little stressed out, okay?
I've got kids in there throwing subs at me.
I've got my boss on the walkie-talkie all the time going, "Gary, we need more carts."
"Gary, there's somebody masturbating in the food court."
"Gary, can you go clean the fucking bathrooms again?"
I mean, I don't know where to fucking turn--
Listen, pal, take a deep breath here, man.
Everybody makes mistakes. It's cool.
I'm really sorry. I just quit smoking.
It's starting to get to me.
We understand.
I'm just so fucking short-staffed.
I'm not going to put a complaint on to the mall this time, but, man, you gotta get your shit together.
You think two guys in suits are going to be stealing stereos?
It's not us, it's some other dickheads.
I know. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm really sorry, okay?
I'm just going to get a smoke there from you, okay, pal?
Listen, I'm sorry, guys, really I am. We'll see ya.
Nice work, man.
I got lucky there, buddy.
Come on, Bubbles, let's go! We're going to my trailer park.
Jesus Christ!
Bubbles, what happened to my trailer park, man?
Looks like a tropical earthquake blew through here.
Well, it's just... Bottle-Kids!
You little dicks! I just got this car out of storage!
So what's up with Lahey?
He's been drinking like a fucking fish.
Everybody wants him fired cause he let the park go all to shit.
It's about time to get rid of that fucking dick anyway.
I hate that guy.
Losing Lahey is not a good thing.
I can control Lahey.
If we have to deal with another trailer-park supervisor, it's not going to be good. Take me to J-Roc's. fuck J-Roc, Julian. I want to go see Lucy and Trinity.
I haven't seen them in fourteen months, man.
That's my family.
We're going to J-Roc's first.
Hey, Julian, maybe Ricky should go see Ray first.
What are you talking about, Bubbles?
What's going on here?
Just, there's some stuff that's kind of different now and... just fucking go see Ray.
Hey, Dad!
How's it going?
My God, he's out of jail.
You're out of your chair.
I'm out of my chair.
I feel great. Great to see you, man.
Hey, Ricky, welcome back.
What are you doing here?
I'm crashing with Ray for a bit. Me and Lucy got in a fight.
How are you doing anyway?
Good. Is Lucy alright?
After all the shit went down at the wedding, she blamed it all on you, said she didn't want to see you anymore.
Wasn't my fault, it was the cops' fault.
They ruined the wedding, not me.
That's what I told her, but you know Lucy.
I can't believe she's still pissed off over that bullshit.
She's still pretty pissed off about that, Ricky.
Dad, what the fuck is going on?
Are Lucy and Trinity okay or what?
I haven't seen Trinity for quite a while, but...
I'm sure Trinity's fine.
Yeah, she's fine.
Just go lie down on the couch or something, take it easy.
I'm not gonna chill out now. I made this birdhouse for them.
I want to go see my family. I've been waiting 14 months.
I'm going over there right now and find out what's going on.
It's the blue and white trailer on Hemlock Street.
She moved?
You know, I can't just wait around for him, getting in and out of jail all the time.
I've got, like, a life I'm trying to pull together, so I can be a good parent and a good person.
Get out of there.
Stop right there, Ricky.
What the fuck are you doing here?
Don't step one foot on this property.
Get your fucking hands off me. Isn't this Lucy's trailer, you dick?
What the fuck are you doing?
Oh, you've got to be fucking kidding me.
Did you steal my fucking wife, asshole?
I wouldn't call it stealing, Ricky. You were in jail, fucked up.
Are you fucking living here with Lucy?
Lucy, what's going on here? And where the hell is Trinity?
She's at my mum's house while I get my shit together.
Oh, that's nice.
I was in jail and all I did was think about you guys.
I made you guys a fucking birdhouse.
I guess I was the only one thinking about us.
You are banging Randy?
That is fucked.
I am not banging him.
I am in love with him, okay?
And I can't tell you how much happier I am being with a real man who has a job and who does a little more with his life than grow dope and live in a car.
What are you talking about, love? Look at the way he dresses!
He's a fucking assistant trailer-park supervisor.
I'm not the assistant anymore.
Don't fucking touch me!
Ricky, back off! I don't work for Lahey.
Leave, you're trespassing.
You don't even have a fucking job?
Lucy, come on, he doesn't even have a job!
Hit the road, Ricky!
This isn't fucking over, asshole.
You make me fucking sick.
Go get your own girlfriend instead of stealing other people's.
Hey, ravine!
I'll fucking ravine you, you little bastards! fuck off!
You talking about, these are car stereos?
These is cassette decks, motherfuckers.
This one ain't even a cassette deck, it's a C m-fucking B!
You're my brother, right?
I'm gonna hook you up with, all's I can do, 50 percent.
Fifty percent? That's the best you can do.
Sorry, Dog.
Man, look, you're talking to me here. Fifty percent.
These car stereos ain't worth shit, man.
We're in the remarketing car alarm systems... everything else. You name it.
That's right. Check this shit out, boy.
You know what I'm saying.
You know what I'm saying.
Me and T know that when y'all was up in Oz, you lost your honey wagon and shit.
J-Roc, what are you doing, man?
We can hook you up with this, man, for $150 a month.
$150 a month?
You know what I'm saying?
Alright. How about 25 grams of weed a month, payments starting at the end of next month?
Sounds good.
Sounds good?
Now as for them car stereos, here's how it's going to go down, you know what I'm saying? I'll get them punk-ass bitches, Cory and Trevor, roll by your crib once I roll out and get the hydro gear with my ma-fucking crew.
Dog, I wish there was some other shit I could do but the shit's been too tight, you understand.
J-Roc, rewind here for a minute.
What are you talking about?
I missed it, man.
He just said Cory and Trevor is going to swing by and drop off the hydro gear, and business hasn't been that great.
That's right!
What's up, dude? How you doing, Jules?
Hey, boys.
Hey, man. How you doing?
What's up?
Not much, man. Welcome home.
What are you doing with this hydroponic shit?
Are you growing dope with it?
'Cause if you are, man, I'll totally help you out.
We can help you grow dope.
Yeah, man. We can, you know...
Let me get something straight, okay?
I'm not growing dope.
You guys know nothing about this dope-growing equipment.
Do you understand me?
That's cool.
Do you understand me, Trevor?
Rick, man what's up this time?
Julian, I got a major situation I gotta deal with, man.
Smokes, let's go.
Hey, man. It's good to see you, man.
Hey, whatever. Knock-knock, boys.
Who's there?
Get the fuck out of here. I gotta talk to Julian. It's important.
Nice to see you too, Ricky.
Boys, it's nice to see you, but I gotta talk to Julian. Get the fuck out of here.
What's going on?
Lucy is living with Randy.
Yeah. I don't know what the fuck happened, but I'm fucked man. I gotta get her back.
So there's something I gotta tell you, and I know you're gonna freak out, but just hear me out.
I can't grow dope with you anymore.
What are you talking about?
I can't. I'm going straight.
I gotta get a real family-man kind of job and try to win Lucy back.
You're going to get a real family job. Okay.
What are you going to do, get a job at the mall or something, Ricky?
Actually, that's not a bad idea.
That guy said he was short-staffed.
Listen, Ricky, you get Lucy out of your mind, alright?
It would be a big mistake trying to get her back.
Do you understand me? Don't be so fucking stupid. fuck you, Julian.
I should have known you wouldn't understand.
I thought you would, but you obviously don't understand.
No, you don't understand, Ricky.
I'm done, man. I'm out. Grow your own dope, alright? fuck Freedom 35. It's fucking stupid anyway.
Why don't you just think about what you're talking about here, Ricky?
What the fuck are you looking at? Don't fucking stare at me.
Leave my cat alone.
Don't fucking stare at me.
So I guess I gotta stop growing dope.
Get a fucking job.
Okay, do you know what your job is?
Your job is to go around the parking lot collecting carts and taking them back to the cart corral.
Collecting carts? I thought it was security work.
Come here, will you? Do you want the job or don't you?
Now look. Come down here and look at this.
You see the stuff down here. You see this?
Okay, somebody is stealing carts.
I'm losing 25 a week to a thief.
Now I cannot have a thief come on to my mall and take merchandise away.
Now your job... you've got two of them, right?
First job: collect the carts and take them back up to the cart corral.
The second job is, stop people from stealing them. security guard over the walkie-talkie
Ricky, food court.
Terry, I am on fucking carts, I'm not on the food court.
Well, you are here at the mall, aren't you?
Things going down here. We need you right away.
Terry, I can't fucking do that right now.
I'm on carts, alright? fuck off.
It's a tough business, hauling shopping carts, but it's got to be done and basically, it's the first job I've ever had that's not against the law and I'm going to do a good job.
They are telling me, "Don't let people steal the carts."
That's what I'm going to do. How hard can that be?
People don't realize how much fucking money there are in carts.
I take these home and fix them, sell them back to a different mall for eighteen bucks.
I got the two malls playing off each other.
That's how I make my living.
It's not even really stealing, if you ask me, because most of the money I make here, I spend it back there anyway on fucking cat food and stuff like that. So...
If somebody's here... and hand on the cart like this and... Whoopsie!
Down she goes and--
Then somebody comes and picks her up later.
Bubbles, what are you doing?
You can't be touching the carts like this.
What do you care if I'm touching the carts, Ricky?
Cause I'm working at the mall now as a security guard.
Can't you see what I'm wearing here?.
No way. You in charge of the fucking carts?
Yeah, I am and you can't take them, alright?
He just waltzes in there and becomes the King of the Carts.
What the fuck does he think I'm supposed to do?
Go down to "EI"? "Hi, there!"
"Yeah, I haul shopping carts out of ponds and sell them back to the store for a living.
I've been doing it for eighteen years.
So give me a fucking cheque, please."
That's not gonna fucking happen. I haven't been paying in to UI...
EI... whatever the fuck they call it these days.
You want to see something fucked? Down over here, people are so stupid, they don't even know how to use a cart corral. Come check this shit out.
This is what I have to fucking deal with in this stupid job.
Look at this shit.
Bubbles, what the fuck are you doing?
These carts are public domain, Ricky.
What's that? No, man.
Bubbles, get back here, you dick!
Hey, Ricky.
How's the new job going, buddy?
Go fuck yourself, Julian!
Oh, that's nice. I need your help, buddy.
Listen to me for a second. I got ten dope clones.
I don't give a fuck about your dope clones.
I got a job, man.
I'm trying to get back together with Lucy, you dick.
Ricky, fuck this stupid shopping cart bullshit, man.
Lucy is not coming back with you.
You gotta deal with it, man.
I'll help you out, alright?
Yeah, how are you going to do that, Julian?
What are you doing?!
Can you use a cart corral, for God's sakes?!
Nice! Real nice!
Rick, come grow some dope with me, man.
Come on.
Julian, I wouldn't grow dope with you if you had the last fucking dope plants on earth.
Now get the hell away from me and let me do my job here.
Ricky,this is Gary.
We are missing seven carts. Seven carts, Ricky.
Copy that, Gary. Don't worry about the carts.
I'll get them back. I have a good idea where they are going.
You better get the carts cause if you don't, I'm deducting ten bucks off your pay for every cart that goes missing, as of right now!
Copy that.
All right, boys, pay attention.
We gotta get Ricky fired immediately.
So this is what I want you to do.
Steal a car stereo and hide it in his trunk.
No way.
We gotta get him fired?
No, no, no, listen. Repeat after me.
"We're gonna steal a car stereo..."
We're gonna steal a car stereo...
"And hide it in Ricky's trunk."
And hide it in Ricky's trunk.
Very good!
Gary, Gary, Gary. Listen up, man.
I got some bad news to tell ya.
Ricky's out in the car parking lot stealing car stereos.
( He sighs.]
I know.
I saw him putting one in the trunk.
Thanks, man. I gotta go call the cops.
No, Gary, don't do that. Don't embarrass yourself, buddy.
Like, come on. You guys have the same training as cops, you're almost like a cop, aren't you?
Yeah, we do have the same training as police officers.
Well, you should probably deal with this one yourself.
That's what I'd do.
That's a good idea.
Ricky over the walkie-talkie
Gary, come quick!
I need some fucking backup here! Bubbles' stealing the carts!
Gary, get some fucking backup out here, quick!
What are you dicks doing here?
Julian, what the fuck are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
Ricky, is this the cart thief?
This guy right here?
Go ahead then, Ricky, you might as well tell them who the big fucking cart thief is.
Go ahead, Ricky, do your job.
This guy's just drunk. He's not really causing any problems.
It's those two guys right there stealing the carts.
Get 'em!
I didn't do shit!
No, I didn't do shit.
No... No!
I can't see. Ricky?
I want to look in your trunk.
Because I need to look in your trunk, Ricky.
Just go open it.
Yeah, it's no big deal.
What's this?
I don't fucking know!
What do you mean, you don't now? What is it?
Someone must have planted it there. I didn't take that.
Oh yeah, the car stereo fairy godmother, right Ricky?
What the hell is this?!
You know, I should just call the cops right now, but I'm not going to, okay? But you're fired, Ricky.
Give me your walkie.
I'm fired?
You're fired.
I'm not fucking fired. I quit!
You're a fucking dick, you know that?
You just blew my chance to get back together with Lucy and try to make a decent fucking living, asshole!
Give me the walkie, Ricky.
Get the fuck out of here!
Get the fuck out of here!
Oh! Nice mall cop uniform, Ricky!
Don't even fucking start with me today, Lahey.
I'm not in the mood.
I beg your pardon.
I was only a real cop.
I was never an important mall cop like you, Ricky.
Who's there, Rick?
Somebody who?
Somebody whose ex-wife owns the fucking trailer park is the only reason you got the job as trailer park supervisor.
You got fired from the police force cause you fucked up big time, but we're not going to talk about that, are we?
And you'll get fired from this job cause you're a drunk fucking idiot who can't even run the trailer park.
You're drunk right now, I can smell the fucking liquor on you from here.
Go away for eighteen months to jail and everything goes to fucking shit doesn't it, Lahey?
Like your little buddy, with his fucking no shirt, moving in with my girlfriend and ruining my whole fucking life.
Now there's fucking shit everywhere in this fucking trailer park. fucking idiot!
This cart is fucked.
One good fucking wheel, that's it.
Hey, Bubbles.
Hey, Ricky.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
Thanks for not ratting me out today.
I'm sorry about that today, man, I was fucked up.
It's okay.
Got your bubble machine working, huh?
Yeah, had to put a new fucking part in her.
Do you want a drink or something?
So what do we have here?
Where did you get this shit?
J-Roc, huh?
So, I'm pretty stupid, aren't I, Julian?
You're smart and I'm stupid.
That's what everyone around the park thinks, according to you.
You're the big smart guy and I'm the big stupid guy.
So, are these male or female?
I don't know.
What's the difference?
About four extra weeks work.
That's what the difference is.
You bought the wrong clones. You made a big mistake.
Now you got a big fucking waste of time on your hands.
How does that feel, buddy?
Listen, Ricky, I make mistakes too, you know.
I don't know anything about this fucking hydroponic shit, man.
I feel stupid.
Now you know what I feel like all the time.
Well, can you do anything with this mess or what?
Did I totally fuck this all up?
I don't know, man.
Hopefully, you got a couple of female plants here and maybe we can clone them or do something with them.
It looks pretty fucked up, though.
I broke the stem on this one, here.
Well, that's no good.
You may as well throw that the fuck away.
Can I still have a drink?
This one here isn't too bad.
This one here, I don't know.
I'll get some clones tomorrow and try to get this fixed up for you.
So, what do you say, man? Freedom 35?
What the fuck?
Don't give me a rough time, Julian. I'm working here.
I just want to talk to you.
What about?
What is up with this election for a new trailer park supervisor?
Oh, I don't know, you tell me.
You want to lose your job?
What job? This isn't a job.
I'm a slave to this park. Always have been.
Kids throwing bottles, cars on fire...
I got no help anymore. Randy's gone.
You ask me if I care.
Come on.
Ask me! Go ahead! Ask me if I care!
Alright. Alright, alright. Do you care, Jim?
Yeah, go ahead, ask me.
I just asked you.
What the fuck are you doing?
What's this sign shit?
You haven't heard yet? I live here now, thanks to you and Julian, in some fucking shitty camper.
And I'm running for trailer park supervisor.
How do you know this idiot?
It's a long fucking story.
Remember last year when I got shot?
Ricky got shot a couple of times.
Sam was a veterinarian and Ricky didn't want to go to the cops.
Trinity shot him in the ass.
Yeah, so Sam took some bullets out of his ass.
They come to me and I tell them, "Hey, I'm a vet, not a doctor."
Sam can fuck off. It's not my fault what happened.
I went to jail and the doctor started examining me.
And basically they asked, "Who sewed you up?"
It's such a butcher of a job. And I told them it was Sam.
I didn't know vets weren't allowed to work on humans and he would lose his practice.
Eight years. Eight years, I worked at that practice.
I had it built up nicely.
Now it's gone, paying fines and shit.
Sam lost everything and he's really pissed off at Ricky and Julian.
So now he feels like the next logical jump is to run a trailer park? You've got to be kidding.
Judging by the look of this place, I'm going to get elected trailer park supervisor.
And when I am, if you think Lahey made your life miserable, wait til you get a load of me.
Who's there? fuck off!
Hey, Lahey...
Hello, everybody!
Lahey, what the hell is going on here, man?
This place looks like the trailer park of the Apocalypse.
There are open car fires, for Christ sakes, Jimmy!
Nice to see you, Ray.
Oh, come on, Jimmy.
Listen, I was unaware that I had an appointment with you fine people today.
It turns out that I have another engagement.
I plan to get drunk.
Not again!
Thank you.
Randy quit and now Lahey, he started drinking.
Really heavy.
If you ask me, he really misses him.
You know, I've been the best assistant trailer park supervisor in this park.
I've been doing this for like 12 years.
Yeah, but you... Uh, hello! Blue bag. How many times...
Anyway, 12 years as the assistant.
Hello! You know, like, no talk of any kind of promotion no talk of any kind of more money, nothing.
Yeah, to make a long story short, I asked Mr. Lahey for a promotion to weekend trailer park supervisor but he didn't think I was ready for it.
And Lucy said I had to quit, so I did.
Randy was a damn good assistant trailer park supervisor.
Right-hand man. Hold the whole thing together.
Look what happens without him.
Now, I'm not saying that I can't handle it, but obviously... things happen.
And you see the results in the fruits of the happening.
Pass me the thirteen there, Bubs.
Julian, guess what, man?
Sarah found a perfect place for me to grow my dope.
Hey, guys.
Hey, Sarah.
You know the abandoned Airstream up there?
The cream-colored, old beat off thing?
Yeah, it's perfect. There is a catch, though.
Lahey owns the fucking thing. fuck that, boys.
You think Lahey is going to do you two a favor?
Bubbles, could you go grab my lease agreement on top of the fridge?
Thanks. Oh, grab me a pen and some Liquid Paper.
I'm gonna go talk to Lahey.
Lahey's not gonna listen to you.
Ricky, Lahey is vulnerable right now, okay?
Let's go talk to Lahey.
Get in the other side, man.
Can I get in the front, Ricky?
No, Bubbles, get in the back.
I always get in the fucking back!
I'm doing all the talking in here, alright?
What are you talking about? It's only fucking Lahey.
I can do some talking.
Lahey's pissed drunk anyway.
Guys, we can't screw this up, alright? We need Lahey.
Do you understand, Ricky?
Lahey, open up! It's Julian!
Open up, Lahey!
Pass me those barbecue tongs.
Here, hold that.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey! Get in here!
Hey. What the hell's going on? Doesn't anybody knock anymore?
We've got to talk, Jim. It's about the election.
The vote is today.
Oh, it's today. Ask me if I care.
Oh, Jim... Guys, go in the kitchen for a minute, will ya please?
Well, can I make a sandwich or something?
Just go in the kitchen, Ricky, please.
I'll take a little bit of that, if that's alright.
Can you make me a meat sandwich?
Sure. I'm making something, unless someone stops me.
I know what's wrong, Jim.
You don't know what's wrong, Julian.
There's only ever been one trailer park supervisor and it's been you. You made this place, Jim.
You and Randy.
Yeah, I miss him.
I can't do my job without him by my side.
It's too late now. I let this park go to shit.
Sam will probably win this election for sure.
What would you say if I told you I can get you and Randy back together?
You know, we just get along together and we work well together.
And we were together for... as a couple, for a very short time.
And together we make a team.
And when the team gets fucked, the park goes to shit. And it's too late.
If the election's today, I'm gonna win against Sam?
Lahey, you got any fucking mayonnaise?
Ricky, I'm trying to talk to Lahey out here, okay?
Listen, I got a business proposal for you.
I'm going to break up Lucy and Randy and help you win that election.
All I want in return is that shitty old Airstream trailer.
I've got a lease here. Six months.
You just got to sign right there.
Initial right there.
That trailer?
Yes. Just sign right there, Jim.
And you'll break Randy and Lucy up?
It won't be a problem. I want to see you win this election.
You got to trust me on this one, Jim, okay?
Just stay off the booze.
What do you say?
You can do it.
Brilliant idea with this trailer. It's perfect.
Can't wait to get this dope operation up and running.
Compared to what I had before, it's gonna be way awesomer.
I'm, uh, I'm Barbara Lahey, and I'm actually the trailer park owner.
Jim Lahey is my, uh... my ex-husband, sad to say.
But he's been looking after this trailer park for some time, and has been doing a reasonable job up until now, I think.
Here you go, boys.
Home fucking made hot dogs.
And there's plenty more of those where they came from.
Just get those signs up for me like you promised.
Oh, I got company.
Get out of here. Okay. Get those signs up.
Tell her to come right in, okay?
Hi, come on in.
Watch your head.
Thank you.
Sam Losco? I'm Barbara Lahey, the park owner.
It's a pleasure to meet you. Please, sit down.
Thank you.
Mrs. Lahey, I asked you to come here because I wanted an opportunity to meet you, and I wanted you to know what Sam Losco was all about.
Mrs. Lahey, I love this trailer park and I want to make it the best trailer park in the entire world.
Oh, good. Well, I'm glad you are taking it seriously.
I was very impressed.
I thought he really had a certain amount of integrity and I think, you know, that that's what this trailer park needs.
Pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Lahey.
And I look forward to working for you.
Why don't you call me Barbara?
What are you guys doing?
We're helping Sam.
Yeah, man. We're going to get a chance to screw Lahey over.
You guys aren't doing well in the thinking department, are you?
Sam's a cave man and he's a dick.
And that makes you guys dicks cause you're promoting him.
He'll give us homemade hot dogs when we're finished putting the signs up.
I'm gonna give you some homemade fuck offs right now.
Get rid of these stupid signs, you dummies.
Damn, dude, he kind of seemed okay.
Trust me, Sam's not a good guy. I've got a history with him, okay?
You guys stay away from him.
Can we still eat the hot dogs?
You guys are so stupid. Do you know that?
Sorry, dude.
Let's go. Smokes.
Let's go. Smokes.
You don't even smoke, Bubbles.
Gimme a smoke, hairdo!
I'm fucking starting to run out.
Alright, listen up, everyone.
We've got four hours to get this man re-elected.
I need some ideas, I need them quick.
We could do some more signs and shit, dude.
We've been doing that all day.
Yeah, we could do that.
I'll just get my sledge hammer.
Why don't you shut the fuck up and let someone with a brain talk? Smokes, let's go.
Corey, Trevor, take Mr. Lahey back up to his place and get him cleaned up. Make sure he looks good, alright?
You hear me, Trevor?
Yeah, I heard you.
What did I say?
Make sure that Mr. Lahey looks good.
Alright, get out of here.
Alright, dude. Later.
Oh, I got an idea, man.
People just need to hear that bald head motherfucker speak about the park and he's sure to win.
Everybody knows how much he loves the park, man.
Tyrone's right. Get Mr. Lahey to make a speech, remind everybody how much he cares about the park.
If Lahey's gonna do a speech, then Sam should do one too. Democratic.
Maybe get some media on this shit. Show them two m-fuckers on the hop box, m-fuckers in the park.
Understand who's fronting. Know what I'm saying?
What the fuck did you say?
We gotta get some videotape on that Louis Delgrande looking motherfucker and throw that bitch up on the Channel 7 news. You understand?
There not going to do TV coverage on us in four hours.
Julian, Channel 10 will. The local channel.
That's their job, local stuff. fuck, I know a bunch of guys who work at Channel 10.
Used to buy dope off me.
Do you think they'll do it?
Those guys will do anything for weed. I'm telling you.
Get on the phone with these Channel 10 guys.
See if they'll do it for one ounce of BC Hydro.
Check, one, two. Check, one two.
Must be in a rock band or something, are ya?
Know what I'm saying? Know what I'm saying?
Damn, dude. Don't you have any clean clothes, man?
This is nuts.
No, I actually don't.
But I really appreciate this.
Okay, you gotta go out to the clotheslines out back or something and steal something off a line.
And get something professional, make him look good.
Cause he doesn't look good.
And while you're there, just run down to the LC and get me a little drink. Just a drink.
Just one little drink for courage.
I'm going to get the clothes off the clothesline.
I'll clean him up.
You gotta look better than this. You gotta talk to people.
This is perfect.
Okay, that's got to go, too.
That's ridiculous. And don't breathe on me.
Hey, Randy.
I gotta talk to you about something. Lucy here?
No, she went to town to get her hair dyed.
Come on in.
Alright, listen up, Randy. I know this is going to hurt you but I gotta be straight up with you because we've known each other a long time and we're, kind of like, you know... we've known each other a long time, alright?
Lucy is only with you to make Ricky jealous.
Oh, that's not true. She says she loves me.
I was talking to Lahey today.
He's a mess. This park's a mess.
He told me he can't do his job without you.
He needs you right now.
He said that?
Yes, he did. Why don't you go down to this election today, make an appearance, show him some support?
I can't. I've got to do the dishes, vacuum--
Randy, no. You've got to be there in person, okay?
Lahey's a mess.
But Julian, I've got to do the kitty litter--
No, Randy, Randy, Randy... Lahey needs you, okay?
What's going on, Julian?
What's going on?
Listen, boys, this is the deal.
I need some shrooms. What can you guys do for me?
We'll get you some shrooms. You know what I'm saying?
Wait, let me axe you something.
How long you known the J-Roc and the Rock Pile?
J-Roc can get a m-fucker anything a m-fucker gonna ask for.
Ain't that right, T?
Alright, I need them within an hour. Can you guys do it?
Aye, dog!
This is important boys, alright?
We come back in five minutes.
What are we going to do with the other 55 minutes?
That's how fucking hard the Rock Pile is, hard as fuck!
Hey, Julian.
Hey, where's Lahey at?
Check out Mr. Lahey.
Did you idiots let him drink?
To Sunnyvale Trailer Park!
I just picked up a bottle when I went to take the clothes off the clothesline for the election.
Jim, Jim, Jim, come on.
I just need a couple for courage.
Jim, you've had enough, alright. This is important. Come on.
It's for my nerves, Julian.
It's alright.
Guys, get him in there and get some coffee into him.
Ten more years, Julian. Ten more years.
Alright. He looks good, okay. Just sober him up.
What are your thoughts on the incumbent in this election?
On the what?
The incumbent.
What are you doing using your big school words?
Just use normal people words and I'll understand you.
What are your thoughts on the election here, at Sunnyvale?
Well, Jim Lahey can be a real pain in the ass.
Everybody knows that about fucking Lahey, but uh...
He took care of this park for years. He loved this park.
But it's gone to rat shit now, you can see that for yourself.
So we got to get rid of him. We need a change.
Magic mushrooms?
That's what you want for a trailer park supervisor? Look at him!
Jim, breathalyzer.
I only had 2 drinks, officer.
Let's go. Breathalyzer. Come on.
[woman]: Bottle kids!
I got you now. There you go. There you go. Where you going now?
Nowhere to run now, guys.
Now tell me, people.
Do you really want a drunken idiot for trailer park supervisor, or a man who produces results?
Now how long have you been trying to catch those bottle-smashing kids?
Too long!
I'm not even elected yet and I already produced a result for you!
Sam Losco, your next trailer park supervisor!
I'm your man!
[crowd]: Sam! Sam! Sam!
We're fucked now, boys.
Guys, just let him stay and make his speech and then take him away.
It's not like he killed someone. He just had a couple of drinks.
Big deal.
He could've killed someone.
You know what we think about drinking and driving around here.
There's a pretty good chance you and the city could be sued over this if you take him away right now and ruin the election.
Look at the money that's been spent around here.
But I guess you guys got insurance for shit like that, lawsuits and everything, right guys?
Come on, just a few minutes. That's all we're asking.
Then you can take him away.
It's probably easier than going to court, but it's up to you, I guess.
He gets to make his speech.
Take him. Bring him back when he's done.
He's coming with us. Jake...
That's all we're asking, guys.
Thanks, guys.
You wouldn't have an extra cigarette?
No, I don't have an extra cigarette.
Alright, boys, here's your chance, alright?
You know what to do.
Hurry up.
Concentrate on your speech. This is important, alright?
Have you seen Randy around?
I was talking to him earlier.
He's not coming, is he?
Everything's going to be okay.
He's going to show up, alright? Keep it together, Jim.
What do you think you're doing?
Sorry man, it was an accident.
Well there's no sense you guys pushing me.
It was my fault.
I can't believe you want me to win.
I don't trust either of you fuckers.
Thank you all for coming out today. Right now, each of the candidates will address you, the residents of Sunnyvale.
And right now, it gives me great pleasure to introduce the first speaker and the challenger: Mr. Sam Losco.
Thank you, thank you.
And hello again, everyone.
Good afternoon, everyone. I'm happy to be here.
And I plan on making big changes in this trailer park.
Now, my number one priority is to clean up the criminal activity in this park and those responsible for it.
And you know who I'm talking about.
Why don't you go fuck yourself, you fucking dick?!
You're not even from this park.
I'm just getting started, boy.
You just wait.
We'll see about that, you dick.
Now I plan on working hand in hand with the poli... people in this park and the police departure, we're...
This is fucked up.
I'll look at Ricky's ass after you t...
No. You get that lawn mower...
[man]: You're on fucking drugs!
[Bubbles]: Sam's on drugs, everybody.
[J-Roc]: Nobody can understand what you're saying!
[Sam]: No...
[Ricky]: Hey, Sam, knock-knock!
Who's there?
Get the fuck off the stage, you idiot!
I gotta go.
That was a great fucking speech Sam. Whoo!
[man]: Get off the stage, you drunk bastard!
Who in this park... or even who in the whole world doesn't have problems?
Who doesn't have a drink too many times once in a while and maybe even winds up passed out in their own driveway pissing themselves. Huh?
I mean, seriously...
Who doesn't have a little puff from time to time?
Or who doesn't have problems with the people they love, hey, Randy?
And I apologize for my neglect of the things that are most important to me.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Cause this park... it's the most important thing in my life and it always will be and so will all of you.
Cause this is our home! This is our community!
I am Jim Lahey and I am your trailer park supervisor.
Thanks for coming...
Just give me one more second.
Great speech, Mr. Lahey.
Thanks, Randy.
Listen, uh...
I missed you.
And I've been thinking that uh... if you'll come back and work with me, I'll promote you to weekend trailer park supervisor.
Weekend park supervisor?
What about you and Lucy?
As of this second, Mr. Lahey, Lucy and I are through.
Look, I gotta go and deal with this drinking and driving bullshit.
Until I get back, I want you to supervise this park.
Supervise the park?
You can do it, Randy.
Okay, Mr. Lahey.
Come on, Jim, let's go.
I'm Steve Rodgers, Channel 10 news.
Here are the results of the Sunnyvale Trailer Park election.
The winner of the election for trailer park supervisor is Jim Lahey.
Right on!
Good job, you guys.
We did it!
Twenty pounds. Are you fucking serious?
Do you know how many tomatoes that is?
No, I'm not saying that. No, I didn't fucking say that.
What I'm saying is, you didn't tell us that.
Now I've got some shit growing here and I can't fucking grow that many tomatoes with what I got. This is fucked.
This has got to be the best idea I've ever had.
Think about it. Dope goes for a way more awesomer price in jail.
Supply and command. I mean, if you're in jail, you're lucky to get stoned once a week and when you do, the dope sucks.
I don't see anything wrong with having dope in jail.
If there's dope in jail, we may as well be supplying it.
The thing that worries me right off the bat is that their "hydroponic vegetable garden" was just supposed to be a small operation. Now the prison guards are phoning every day looking for more and more dope.
Who can go fuck who's self? No, no.
You should've been upfront with me and told me--
Yo. Yeah, what's up?
He wants twenty pounds!
Ricky! Sorry about that, man.
Alright, yeah, everything's on schedule here, alright?
Alright, talk to you later.
Listen, Rick, this is big, alright?
They're selling the dope to ten other prisons across Canada.
They want it all upfront, one shot, one deal.
If we can't do this, they're gonna find someone else to take this contract.
We gotta do this, man.
Julian gets an order for twice as much more dope and he thinks he can just wave some money around and the magical fairy grandmother of dope is gonna come and give us twice as much dope. That's not going to happen.
How are we gonna get the equipment? I can't even afford cigarettes or pepperoni. Same clothes for three fucking years.
I know, I know.
Ricky's brain doesn't work like other people's.
Ricky can handle one thought at a time.
You throw two or three at him, he's gonna fucking train wreck.
I've got a plan, alright?
Go get Cory, Trevor and Sarah. Meet me back at Ray's house in a half hour.
Alright, buddy. And don't worry, I'll fill the whole trailer full of dope if you can get the equipment.
That's what I want to hear.'
Positive thinking. Okay, half hour, Ricky. Let's go.
I don't know who's telling you that Julian is the brains of the operation, but we're both the brains of the operation.
He's smart, I'm smart. We're smart in different ways, I guess.
Like I'm smart playing hockey and doing things like growing dope and that, and he's smarter when it comes to clear thinking and explaining things to people. That's why we're a good team.
'Cause I'm good at the hands-on, applicatory stuff and he explains things in a clear kind of way and...
When he thinks, when he talks-- For fuck's sakes, I'm having trouble talking to you, but I am smart.
Dad! Dad!
Trina. What are you doing here?
Well, Mum said I could stay for a bit.
That's right. I've been thinking, if Trina's with you, you might get your act together.
Well, that's a great idea.
Hey, Trina, honey, come say bye-bye. I'll see you later.
Love you.
Love you too, darling. Be good.
Mr. Lahey's daughter Trina came today.
She comes every summer to stay with him. fuck, this fucking car.
Relax, Ricky.
Put the car in park or neutral, Rick.
It's in drive.
Ricky, it's in drive. fuck off!
I know how to work this fucking thing. fucking piece of shit!
Who is that?
Those are two of the biggest losers you'll ever meet.
Trina, I don't want you to have anything to do with them.
Dad, chill.
Alright, here's the plan. We're gonna open up a little nightclub here in the trailer park.
J-Roc, tell 'em where we are gonna set up this bar, man.
Oh, yeah. That's right.
My homeboy Tom gonna open up a trailer park nightclub and casino all up in my trailer, you know what I'm saying?
My mum's up in Moncton for two weeks.
We talking about throwin' it down a little school pimp tight.
Well, they could've picked a better day to open a bar in the trailer park.
Lahey just promoted Randy to weekend park supervisor, so he's all gung-ho to impress Lahey that he can keep control of the park.
Yeah, Mr. Lahey and Randy are gonna freak out.
No, they're not. That's why we're gonna go to the little barbecue today and show them a good time. I've got it figured out.
What the fuck are you talking about? We're not going to their stupid little party.
We're gonna go to this barbecue.
You gotta keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
You got it, man? Do you understand?
Everybody got invited to the party except us.
Which is fine by me anyway, because I don't play that shit and I don't think Randy's that cool and his head got bigger than his gut since he got promoted to weekend supervisor.
Okay, I got a plan for you two guys. You're gonna do a little B&E for me.
Trevor and Cory are stupid as fuck. I've met cats and dogs smarter than Trevor and Cory.
Most cats and dogs are smarter than Trevor and Cory.
But Julian should've known better than to send fucking Cory and Trevor.
Those two are fucking dumb.
You fucking steal a van, you go to a self-storage place, you steal some lights and equipment. We got Lahey and them kept busy.
How fucking hard can that be?
I don't know, I don't want to be all sentimental and gooey and stuff, but I love them guys, man. And I think they sincerely love us too.
Julian was right. If any shit goes down, Trevor and Cory will be the ones taking the heat.
That's why we usually work with Trevor and Cory, 'cause they go to jail instead of us. Which is perfect.
Ah! Jeez. Friggin' grease.
Okay, everybody. I think we're all here.
I'd like to take this opportunity to propose a toast to the birthday boy.
Randy has given us so many years of his life.
Here's to many more. [crowd cheering]
Put her here, buddy.
Congratulations on your promotion to weekend trailer-park supervisor.
Really happy for you, Randy. It's a great job.
And you deserve it, buddy. Way to go.
Well, you guys don't care.
I mean, what are you doing here anyway?
We do our thing, they do theirs. They distract Randy and Lahey while we get the shit. Easy as that.
I thought you knew how to do this?
I got it, I got it, I got it.
Got it, got it, got it.
Holy fuck!
Pop the hood, Cory.
See, Cory, green wire. I told you. The green wire.
It's gotta be here somewhere, Cory.
What was the street we were looking for? shit, I don't fucking know. He just said it was a blue warehouse and shit and there's, like, eight of them over there, dude.
We can't fuck this up, Cory. shit... what was I just talking about?
Hey, dude.
What the fuck are you guys doing here?
There's like 20 warehouses. We don't know what we're doing.
No, there's only two. What street were you on?
It's Dutt Street, how fucking hard is it to remember that?
Shut up.
You guys are so fucking stupid.
I swear, there's, like, eight warehouses...
Lahey's watching us here. Ricky, take these two, get that van out of here quick and get this the fuck done.
I'm not going with these fucking dicks.
Yes, you are. Come here for a minute.
I'm putting you in charge, okay?
You're gonna take that van, you're gonna go to the warehouse with these two dicks over here. You're going to break in and you're gonna wait in the van.
B&Es, that's grade-nine shit.
Ricky, listen, man. This is easy.
If anything happens, these two dicks are gonna take the heat.
Think about it. Look, man, here, take that.
And you be careful with that, okay? Alright?
This is ridiculous, dude.
We got everything.
Julian's gonna be pumped, man.
Stereo stuff, and we haven't screwed up once.
All we gotta do now is dust for prints.
Yeah, dude. [alarm sounds] shit. That's fucking load.
For fuck's sakes!
Holy fuck, there's a dog.
Where the fuck are you guys?
Where the fuck are you at? You fucking idiots!
Holy shit! Holy shit! goddamn it.
Where the fuck are you dicks?
I got it, I got it. I got her!
Oh, fuck! I'm fucking shot!
Just a second, you dicks! My fucking foot is killing me.
You idiots.
Okay, dude, we're going to the hospital right now. fuck. You had to fuck around, didn't you?
We're going to the hospital dude!
We're not, you idiot! Just think about cops, you fucking retard!
Look at my foot!
It's a flesh wound.
Ricky shot himself. Like, he shot himself.
And then he's yelling at us, man. That's ridiculous, dude.
He's all yelling at us. We didn't even do anything, man.
It's his fault.
It's his gun.
What did we get for it? [both]: Bullshit.
Stupid idiots.
Who's got the keys?
Trevor, take off your fucking shirt. I gotta wrap something on this.
I'm not giving you my fucking shirt! Let go of me!
Give me your fucking shirt, you fucking idiot.
I can't drive.
For fuck's sake.
Cory, get us the fuck out of here.
I don't have the keys!
We gotta walk. Get your shit. We gotta walk. fucking dummies. I'm sick of this shit.
We don't do these things for ourselves. We did it for him.
And then we got played. And that's disrespectful, man.
And it's cold. And he's hard on Trevor too, man.
And I don't play that. I'm not playing that shit anymore.
Thanks, man.
Sorry about this, dude. We were totally baked.
You were baked? You smoked a joint without me?
My hand's taped in there, you fucking idiot.
Well, you wanted me to fucking tape it, didn't you?
What happened to you?
I got shot.
You got shot? Who shot you?
It doesn't matter who shot me.
Those guys are idiots.
Ricky, it's shit like this that's gonna land our asses back in jail, you idiot.
No shit. The fucking idiots set off the alarm, and the fucking dog attacked me.
No swearing. Little girl.
Hey, guys. What are you doing?
Not now, okay? Please.
Julian, she's just a little girl.
I'm doing business here, Ricky.
Shut up, you dicks. Get out of here. Frig off.
Are you okay, Trina?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Here, let me get that for you.
Chain came off.
I understand why Julian doesn't trust her. She is Lahey's daughter.
And we are opening up an illegal nightclub in the trailer park.
Which I don't think is a big deal but according to the police it is and according to Lahey, it is. And we are on probation and stuff so...
You're not as bad as my Dad says.
Yeah, well your Dad's a bit of an idiot.
Somehow Trina turned out pretty normal, considering how fucked up her father is. And I feel bad for her. And that's why I try to be a bit of a role model for Trina and the other kids around the park. If I'd had a role model when I was younger, learning how to grow dope, things would've been a lot smoother.
'Cause now, if some kid wants to grow dope they can come and talk to me.
Instead of growing dope six or seven times through denial and error, they're gonna get it right the first time and have some good dope.
Well, not just that. I can show them how to fix cars, play hockey or cutting grass, different things like that, that you're not going to learn from a fucked up father like Lahey.
I owe you one.
Actually, if you don't mind, you could take those bottles back to the store and get me two bags of chicken chips and the rest in pepperoni.
That'd be cool.
And don't tell your dad about that, either.
No, he's having his alone time with Randy.
Thank you, Trina.
Chicken chips. Don't forget.
Alright, guys. Let's get this shit set up. We're opening tonight.
Tonight? What you talking about?
A'ight, you guys, let's go. Rockpile, get the turntable set up.
Bags of ice, bottles of liquor.
Oh, yeah.
Welcome, y'all, to the dopest, flyest shit in the nation, you know what I'm saying? Y'all wanted a licensed bar on your trailer park, now J-Roc and the Rockpile is proud to present our licensed crib.
You know what I'm saying? Open for business.
My boys down front, throwing the shit down.
Come one, come all. We're talking about busting the shit out.
Come on, we open.
I was shocked. I mean, it was open tonight.
I expected a few people to come in, but it was packed.
I couldn't believe how many people showed up.
So, I don't know where Trevor and Cory took all those flyers, but a lot of people showed up and it was a high-class crowd.
A'ight, J-Roc's on the mic tonight.
Let me see your hands up, we doin' it right. Hands up.
Throw your hands up. Throw your hands up. Oh, yeah!
Throw your hands up. Throw your hands up.
Throw your hands up. Oh, yeah!
It's all about ladies, dude.
It really is.
All about ladies, man. It is. It's so cool.
And the best part is, with us getting everything and all the gear, we're kind of responsible for the whole bar happening.
So it's kind of like our bar.
It's pretty much--
We're gonna be, like, VIPs.
I think Julian was the first one to notice, but I knew something... something weird was up.
It was all guys there.
Nice clothes, nice cologne on, you know... what I'm saying?
Sarah was the only girl there. I noticed that right away. [music]
Guys, guys, let me talk to you for a minute.
Just curious. Uh, where'd you hand out those flyers I gave you about the bar?
This new bar, it just opened up.
Yeah, dude. It was dope.
We were dancing and shit. We had a great time, man.
What was the name of it?
Uh, it was the "Empty Closet."
Empty Closet?
You guys don't have a clue, do ya?
Well, that makes sense.
It was just good. It was mostly guys and stuff.
They were asking for Madonna and different kinds of music like that, which was cool. But I didn't really think much of it.
Julian was the first to notice something was a little out of the ordinary.
So who are the ladies?
Oh, this is Chantal--
...and this is Kitten.
How ya doing?
My friend Julian.
Nice to meet you.
These guys are great guys, by the way.
Have a good night.
Thanks, Julian. You too.
Yeah, Julian and I go way back and shit.
He's really cute.
Yeah, he's cool.
We stole all the stuff to open up this bar.
Is he nice?
Yeah, he's cool.
He's, like, my best friend.
I'm like his big brother, except I'm younger.
Turn that fucking music off, now.
You best step off, Randy, with you no-shirt, lawnmowing, cheeseburger-eating prick.
I'm really sorry, everybody. Party's over.
Just fucking Randy strolls in there like he's the head honcho of the trailer park and has to make a big impression for Lahey and shut the fucking bar down. It's bullshit.
Gotta ask everyone to leave. Party's over.
Sorry. Gotta go, party's over.
What in the fuck were you thinking?
Opening up a bar in a fucking trailer in a trailer park.
You knew this was my first night in charge.
Now the cops are on the way and you're going down.
It's just a big game they play, that "Oh, Ricky and Julian are on probation so we'll call the cops, bring in the cops and make a big fucking scene," and "Ooh, Randy's in charge of the trailer park on weekends now, so we gotta show everybody how big and fucking tough Randy is."
It pisses me off.
You were out of line tonight, Randy. I'm not shutting this bar down.
Look, Julian, I was wondering if you could give me this one.
In front of Mr. Lahey.
It's my first night in charge and I want to make a good impression.
So what are you saying?
Close the bar down. I'll deal with the police.
You get to keep the money that you made and I get to score a victory in front of Mr. Lahey.
Come on, buddy. That way, we both win.
Alright. Just get the police out of here.
I don't wanna talk to any cops, alright?
No problem. No problem.
Thanks, Julian.
I can't go to jail. Who's gonna look after my kitties?
Please don't take me.
Guys, guys. This guy's okay.
He hasn't done anything tonight. You can let him go.
Hey, Randy. Jim.
You boys mind telling me what the hell's going on here tonight?
I know what's going on. Officer George Green, Officer Billiard Ball, talking about going through drive-thru to get some cheeseburgers. Peace.
You watch it, Jamie.
Thanks for the quick response, guys.
I'm the weekend park supervisor here and the situation is under control.
Julian, that's it. The bar is shut down for good. Done.
Alright, Randy. You win.
I'm gonna shut down the bar, alright?
Julian made it look like Randy shut the bar down, help Randy look good in front of Lahey on his first weekend as weekend park supervisor or whatever the fuck he is.
Listen, buddy, I gotta take off. Sarah's back at my place, alright?
You cool?
Yeah, I'm cool.
See ya tomorrow, buddy.
Take her easy.
Hey, Ricky. They only had one bag of chicken chips at the store, so I put the rest in pepperoni.
Exactly what I would've did, Trina.
Thanks. That's awesome.
So, we're friends now?
Yeah, we're friends.
Good. Well, see ya.
Okay. [dress ripping]
Oh, shit.
Ricky, why don't you run in the house and get her a pair of your old track pants?
That's a good idea, Dad.
Ray, that's Ricky's pepperoni.
I bought 'em...
My dad ate my fucking pepperoni again.
Now I got no pepperoni. I came back here 'cause I'm craving a piece of pepperoni. Open the fridge. Should have lots.
Sent Trina to the store three fucking times to buy pepperoni today so far.
None left. So now I gotta send her back to the store to buy more pepperoni. And it's gonna have to come out of her pocket.
I hope he realizes that. He thinks he's stealing my pepperoni.
He doesn't give a fuck. But little does he know he's taking money from a little girl now and eating her pepperoni.
These are really cool.
Yeah, I wore those the second time I was in grade seven.
No problem.
See ya later, buddy.
See ya.
What happened to all my pepperoni?
I can't believe it. We made all this in two hours.
Here, J-Roc. Get me some hydro gear.
I need two pumps, everything for two more tables, 10 lights, 39 pots, and 39 dope clones.
BC bud, strain number 13.
Damn, motherfucker, that's some pile of shit, you know what I'm saying? How much dope is you motherfuckers growing?
Can you get if for me or what?
Damn right, dog. I'll get that shit for ya in 24 hours, you know what I'm saying?
Thanks, man.
Well, what do you say Bubbles?
Go back to my place, have a couple of drinks... fucking right, I already got half a fucking buzz on.
Right on.
Wanna get a pizza or some shit?
Let's do it, buddy.
Do you guys got any Jimmy hats?
Man, that's alright.
Thanks, man, for the hook-up tonight. That's dope.
The only two ladies in the place, man. Hey!
I didn't... Did you... do anything?
I didn't do anything.
Did you do anything?
No. Unless you did. I didn't.
No. I didn't, if you did. I dunno.
But even if he did do something, I don't...
I think, technically, if the girl... did something to you and you didn't do it back, like, that's... you didn't really do anything.
Here, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Psst, psst, psst, psst. Here kitty, kitty.
This here's my shed, right here.
I've been living in these most of my life.
A lot cheaper than a fucking trailer.
Come on in.
Got everything I need here. Keep all my stuff up there.
Do all my cooking.
Everything I need.
And this here's my pride and joy.
That's a 1961 Electrobubble.
Works like a charm, too.
Every kitty I ever met loves these things.
What's wrong, Daisy?
Usually they're swatting at them and...
Freaks them out, but...
Something's wrong with Daisy.
Daisy. Come here, Daisy. What's wrong?
Watch the carts!
Bubbles, this guy's no good. He's lazy, he's sleeping around.
He's not protecting the plants.
Well a dope trailer's no place for a kitty, that's why. I raised these things to play with string and people, not fucking guard dope plants, squirrels.
He smells like dope!
Bubs, listen. You know how important this is, alright?
We lost six good plants to squirrels last week.
I got squirrels peeing in the plants, Bubbles.
They're digging them up. I can't have that.
All you guys think about is dope.
Bubbles, listen. I've got prison guards waiting to buy all of our weed off us. We're gonna double, maybe even triple our money.
This is the big time, man.
Just find me another cat, please, to protect the plants. Shh, shhh, shhh.
Stay right here and don't say a word, guys.
What are you doing, Rick?
[voice]: fuck off with the gun! fucking squirrels.
Basically, I need cats to protect my weed plants.
Otherwise, I'd have to be there 24 hours a day watching over 'em.
'Cause you got squirrels fucking around, breaking into the trailer, they fuck over your weed plants.
It's not a hard job for a cat to keep them away from your plants.
These might be just cats to you, Ricky, but these are my fucking family.
Show them a little respect. You try growing up on your own, living in a fucking shed all by yourself, with nobody to fucking talk to, be nice to.
This is the only thing I have that didn't judge me, call me a big googly-eyed bastard.
With me and kitties, it's kind of like that book "Catcher in the Rye."
Did you ever read that one?
I'm kind of like the guy that looks out for all the kitties in the park.
Otherwise, there'd be nobody to take care of them.
This cocksucker here, I found him in a storm drain. fucking name spray-painted on him and... burdocks all fucking stuck to him.
But I cleaned him all up and look at him.
That's one fucking nice kitty right there.
In this type of employment, sometimes there can be a little stress, 'cause you don't know what's gonna happen.
And right now, we got a lot riding on this dope.
Things are going really smoothly and I just don't want anything to get fucked up.
So I get a little stressed out when I'm growing product. fuck, man, we got a major situation here.
Is it, what, the squirrels again?
No it's not squirrels, man.
This is much bigger than fucking squirrels.
Look at these little black specks.
What are they?
Look at that fucking thing. What the hell is that? fuck, you know what's going on here?
Dope-eating insects, man.
They're gonna fucking wipe out the whole crop.
Just like what happened to me in Grade 7. Remember that?
Ricky, this can't be happening, alright?
Our first delivery's in three weeks.
Oh, fuck.
Hey, hey, what's going on?
What the fuck do you idiots want?
Come on.
What's that smell?
Smells like marijuana to me, boys.
Probably 'cause you guys were smoking dope, playing video games all fucking night and it's all over your clothes. If you did a bit of laundry, you wouldn't smell dope, would you?
Let's cut to the chase, Rick.
There will be no jeopardization of the people in this park.
Do you understand that?
What do you think your probation officer would do if I called him and told him you were firing off guns, and growing dope in the park?
Probably say "Knock, knock," you'd say "Who's there?" and he'd say "A fucking idiot" and tell you to fuck off. That's what I'd do.
Rick. Jim. We've had a little bit of a rhythm problem here lately.
We may have used a little excessive force here and there, but I'm gonna take care of it, alright?
You don't gotta call the cops, Jim. You've got my word on this, alright?
Guys, this is a safety issue. No gunfire in the park.
Not even weekends. No exceptions.
I'm cool with that.
Written warning.
In triplicate.
What the fuck is this shit?
Consider this strike two.
Here, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Here, kitty, kitty.
Hey, Bubs. What are you up to?
Looking for Snap-Jacks and Grumpy-face. Have you seen them?
No, but I'll keep an eye out. See ya later, Bubs.
See ya. Here, kitty, kitty.
This guy's pulse is a little slow, but...
Nose is dry. His belly doesn't feel right.
Could be anything.
But something in this fucking park that's doing it. I know that.
I'm gonna have to ask you to turn off the engine, exit the vehicle, please.
This is an official warning. No more littering in Sunnyvale, Sam.
Yeah, don't you care about this park?
Jerks litter, Sam. Jerks.
That's not littering.
That's organic material, which makes it composting.
I'm going to be taste-testing a few hot dogs over the next couple of days, and you girls are just going to have to learn to live with it.
I see.
Reality check. I'm gonna be running this park, and when I am, I have one first and foremost priority.
What's that?
To get rid of you two fairies. Now flutter away.
I got a hot date and I gots to get ready.
He can't get rid of us. Can he, Mr. Leahey?
Randy, Sam lives in a camper.
People who live in campers don't run anything.
I know I'm not supposed to talk to Sam Lasco, that greasy bastard, but he used to be a veterinarian, so I'm thinking, maybe, if he's got any fucking nice bones in his body, he would tell me how to fix these kitties.
Oh-oh. It doesn't look good, Bubbles.
What do you mean?
Looks like the onset of rabies.
This cat's days are numbered.
Oh, oh, oh. Here, you better put that thing in quarantine, bud.
And get the fuck off my land, too.
They're everywhere. Like little "piranhagus."
It's "piranha," Rick.
That's what I said, "piranhagus."
Well, are they on all the plants, or what? fuck. Except the six in the bathroom. Those are cool.
Alright. We'll take the six good ones, we'll isolate them somewhere.
We'll put them in my trailer.
We can't put them in your trailer.
It's probably contaminated too. They get on your clothes and stuff.
This is a fucking nightmare. [knock-knock!]
Hey, guys.
Hey, Trina.
This isn't a very good time, Trina. Okay?
Sorry. I just wanted to wish Ricky good luck on his Grade 10.
Thanks, Trina. Trina's all gung-ho about me getting my Grade 10 and I don't wanna let her down. And to be honest, I wouldn't mind getting my Grade 10 anyway, 'cause then I could talk to people better and maybe then I'll understand what people are saying all the time.
Right now, I don't. But the other thing is it's a Catch-23 situation, 'cause I got something fucking around with my dope plants. Not only that, but Julian's saying "You should be growing dope. Don't worry about stupid Grade 10".
Easy for him to say; he's got his Grade 10.
We've got less than a month. You gotta get your priorities straight.
We're gonna sell the dope first, then you're gonna take your Grade 10.
Okay? You got it?
Hey, Bubbles.
Julian, does that Sam guy know anything about cats?
We'll he's a vet. Probably. Why?
Because some of my cats are sick and he said they're not gonna make it.
Sam's an idiot. Don't listen to that goof.
You're good at figuring things out. Come help me.
He can't right now. He's figuring something else out.
We got a major situation here, Bubbles.
Listen, we got weed plants dying in here, Bubbles. I gotta figure out a way to save them.
When I'm finished with that, I'm gonna help you out, if I have time.
Do you understand me?
Yeah, I understand, Julian.
Bubbles, don't be like that. I'll talk to you in a bit, Bubbles.
Come on, Rick.
Why don't you guys just go to the library and get some books on horticulture?
Books on plants, Ricky.
Oh, I get it. Trina, that's a great idea.
Julian, books have stuff recorded down all over the years from people.
If we could find a book with someone who had similar problems, just take what they wrote down in the book and make it-- Ah, fuck.
Sorry, Trina - take what they wrote down and make it ours.
Did you get your library card, Ricky?
Not a good time, Trina. I've got my own library card now and that's pretty cool. I've never had a library card before.
So, you know, I think it's great. Julian just needs to chill out a bit.
Now we can go to the library and get a book on "horviculture".
So I just wish he'd chill out and let me get my fucking Grade 10.
'Cause I'm gonna get my fucking Grade 10. Mark my words.
Anybody who said growing dope's easy is fucked in the head.
I can't believe we gotta deal with this shit.
Let's just hurry up, Ricky.
Can I help you?
We're looking for some books on "horviculture".
I think you mean horticulture.
That's what I said.
No, no. You said "horviculture". It's pronounced horticulture.
Well, I'm really impressed with the way you know English, okay?
You work in a school, I don't. I'm fucking trying here.
I'm gonna get my Grade 10 and get my brain working better.
I'm just sick of people correcting me on this shit.
Okay, he's just coming back to school, okay? I need a book--
What do you think you're doing?
You put that out right now!
You can't even smoke in here anymore?
Excuse me.
For fuck's sakes.
Can't smoke in jail, can't smoke in schools...
Don't listen to him. He's a little confused, alright?
I'm looking for a book on horticulture. This is an emergency.
Could you please help me out? Where can I find one?
They're on the top shelf. By the 700s.
Man, books make it so much easier to understand, like, really hard thinking and stuff. They make it a lot clearer.
Holy fuck, man. Here it is! Look at this!
This guy had some sick plants and all he did was he fucking... quar... he quantan... he "quantratined" them.
So, we just gotta "quantratine" the plants, man.
Ricky, where's that? Where does it say that?
Right fucking over there.
Alright, we gotta quarantine the plants.
That's what I said.
Ricky, watch the road.
I am watching it. We're cool, man.
Alright, here we go.
Alright. We've gotta find another parasite that's gonna feed off these little parasites.
What does that mean? A parasite?
There's a picture of it right there. They're spider mites.
Spider mites? Oh man, that's not good, Julian.
Why? What do you mean?
Those cocksuckers, they'll kill everything, man. I heard about those fucking things.
They're nasty.
Just a second. Chill out.
Okay, it says here to use ladybugs.
Ladybugs eat spider mites.
Ladybugs? No way!
Watch the road, Ricky.
You're fucking scaring the shit out of me here.
That's it, man. Ladybugs.
Where the fuck are we gonna get some ladybugs?
I'll get some ladybugs, man. Don't worry about it.
We got to take these healthy plants and move them to another location.
And the only person we can trust is Bubbles. So we just figured we'd move them into his shed and everything should've been fine.
Bubbles, you know, he shouldn't have really cared about it, but the big fuck up was having Trevor and Cory involved again.
What else is new? 'Cause they fuck everything up.
Oh, shit.
Here, put that on the bed.
Let's go. Smokes.
Don't fuck that up either.
What are you doing?
Wiring up the hydro lights, man.
Yeah dude, it's just like doing a car stereo. We do it all the time.
What are you using masking tape for?
That's all we had, man.
This is not supposed-- Here, you gotta fucking take that off, put this one here like that.
What are you doing?
I-- I don't think that's right, Ricky.
I know what I'm doing.
I've been boosting power for years.
Is it all set or what?
It's ready to go now.
Alright, Cory, Trevor--
I think there's one more wire.
Hey, hey, hey.
I want you guys to collect as many ladybugs as you can, alright?
Ricky, you're gonna help supervise.
I'm not hanging out with these dicks.
Just do it, alright? I gotta go talk to Bubbles so he doesn't freak out when he comes home and finds a garden in his shed.
Hurry up.
Uh, probably not yet.
Shut up. Turn it on.
That's another reason I wanna get my Grade 10. I'm sick of being bossed around and working with Cory and Trevor, the idiots.
If I get my Grade 10, then I'll be kind of an equaller person to Julian, up on his level or thinking kind of train, and then I won't be able to be bossed around so much.
So I'm getting my fucking Grade 10.
Then he can go collect fucking ladybugs instead of me.
What's the deal with ladybugs anyways?
Are they all girls, or are some of them boys?
They're all female, you idiots. That's why they're called ladybugs. fuck you guys are dumb. You gonna just sit here or help me? There's like 50 right here and you're sitting on your asses.
Check out this ladybug, Ricky.
That's a caterpillar.
Will it work?
No, it won't work. We need ladybugs.
Do you want it in the box?
No. I want you to give me two smokes now, 'cause you're so fucking stupid.
Well, Bubbles, all roads lead right... there.
My kitties never used to come up that far.
I gotta talk to you for a second.
Not right now, Julian. Look, we tracked the cats right there.
They're over at Sam's going through that greasy bastard's garbage.
Let's check it out, then.
That's disgusting.
That's what's been making your cats sick, Bubbles.
They been eating greasy hot dogs all day.
Old hot does and kitties don't mix.
I warned Losco about litter.
He doesn't realize what he's up against.
He's about to enter the shit tornado to Oz.
Well that makes Sam Dorothy. Right, Mr. Leahey?
Right, Randy.
Anyway, let's get those kitties.
Mr. Leahey, look!
That smoke's coming from Julian's! Let's move, everyone.
What the fuck is that?
Holy fuck, boys, that smoke's coming from Julian's.
What the fuck happened?
Do you believe this?
What the fuck did you guys do to my shed?
I don't know what happened, Bubbles, but we can probably rebuild.
It's no big deal.
No big deal?!
Take a look around, Ricky. I fucking lost everything.
What's this, an electrical panel here?
Did you have wiring in this place, Bubbles?
Yeah, apparently I had some installed today.
Cory and Trevor hooked that up. I don't know what the fuck they did.
Well, that's bullshit, dude.
Smart boys, real smart.
Trevor, Cory, one more smart-ass prank like this, and you're out of this trailer park.
It wasn't our fault, Mr. Leahey. We wired it right.
It wasn't your fault? Whose fault was it then?
You guys are so stupid, I can't believe you burned down Bubble's shed.
Yeah, man. That was weak, man.
Played yourselves, suckas.
Well, I think that's yours, Ricky.
Stupid-- stupid fucking dope plants.
They're not dope plants, they're just some vegetables we were growing.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I fucking believe that, Ricky.
Oh, for fuck's sakes.
Look at that.
That's my fucking bubble maker.
That was the only thing I had that my parents gave me before they fucking deserted me in this shed, which I don't have anymore.
Now it's just a big melted fucking lop of shit.
Bubbles, Bubbles.
Just a sec, man.
Listen, I'm real sorry about this, Bubbles, alright?
I'm really fucking sorry.
We'll make it up to you. We're gonna build you another shed.
It's gonna be better than that one.
What the fuck am I gonna put in it, boys?
Everything I had in the world was in there. Now it's all gone.
'Cause of you two.
You guys go back to growing dope, which is what you do best.
That's what's fucking important to you. Obviously.
I'm sorry, Bubbles.
Come on, Daisy.
Come on, Daisy.
Let's find somewhere to live.
Can you guys stop filming me, do you think?
Ah, fuck.
Nice work, boys.
Worse part about this is that the only six good plants we had left burned in the fucking fire.
If those ladybugs don't work, we're fucked.
I gotta get something to eat.
You guys wanna see some shit, come watch this.
What the fuck?
Alright, asshole, clean up this fucking garbage.
Now listen. Get your fucking cats off my property, or I'm gonna call Animal Control and have them all put to fucking sleep.
Oh, yeah? You think you can do it if you're fucking knocked out, huh?
Huh? Huh? Huh?
What are you doing, Sam?
He fuckin' attacked me.
Let him go.
Get the fuck out of here and take this four-eyed freak with you, okay.
Listen, let's look at the situation. There's one simple decision, alright?
Choice number one: Clean up those fucking hot dogs.
Choice number two: I'll slap the shit out of you in front of Barbara.
Hey, Barb.
Hey, Julian.
Anything wrong?
No, honey.
We're just talking about the cat problem.
Sure guys, I'd be more than happy to help you clean up the problem.
You know, make sure the cats are healthy and nowhere around here. My apologies.
No, I apologize, Sam. It's my fault. I forgot to tell you that the cats were licking all the hot dogs on the plate there when I came up about 20 minutes ago.
Cats have been licking these hot dogs?
Yeah, they were licking the shit out of them.
Thanks, guys. You just ruined my fucking barbecue.
Just clean up the fucking hot dogs, alright, Sam?
Okay, Julian.
Stop fucking around.
Why don't you sleep on my couch for a while until you find a new place.
I'm sorry.
Thanks, Julian, but I do stuff on my own. You know that.
Look, Bubbles, what happened with the shed, I admit, that was my fault. It was mostly Cory and Trevor's fault, but I did kind of get them in there, and I'm fucking sorry.
Well kind of, Ricky. I mean, you never said anything about hooking power up in there.
Neither did you, Julian.
Come by the Airstream later and we'll get some pickled eggs.
I'm buying. And we're gonna have a little party for you, like old times. You deserve it, man.
Well, maybe, we'll see.
I got some stuff to do and I gotta relax.
Sorry, Bubs.
You fucked up this time, Rick.
We both fucked up. I wish you could admit that.
Holy fuck, there's a lot of ladybugs in there.
It's working, though, man. They're eating the fuck out of those spider mites.
So it is working, then?
Oh, yeah.
Come here for a second.
Good job, buddy.
Thanks, man.
Get a hold of the prison guards, tell them we are right on schedule, then.
We'll have enough for 10 prisons if you want. Supply and command, buddy.
So when's Bubbles coming over?
He should be here soon, I think.
I got the pickled eggs.
Right on, Trina.
And I got Bubbles a little present.
Perfect. I think he'll be here any time.
He loves pickled eggs. Who doesn't.
Guys, it doesn't look like Bubbles is gonna show up.
She gets that grass into 'em, that'll fix 'em right up.
Bubbles, you know some pile about kitties, you know what I'm saying? What's up T? What's going on?
Not much, J-Rock.
You can stay here as long as you want, Bubbles. Stay in this van.
J-Rock got your back hard, you know what I'm saying?
Appreciate that, J-Rock. But I pay my own way. You know that.
Twelve bucks a month, what do you think?
Plus heat and lights.
You drive a hard b'zargain, you know what I'm saying? I'm out. Peace, T.
Thanks, J-Rock.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm alright.
You didn't come over for pickled eggs.
Just trying to get this place set up.
What do you think?
It's nice.
I got you a little something.
I hope it cheers you up.
Thanks, Trina.
It's a bubble maker!
Nice kitty.
What do you want for breakfast today, Daisy?
Excuse me, Sir?
Hi there.
Hello. My name is Hampton and this is my daughter, Tanya.
We just travel from trailer park to trailer park.
That's right.
Spreading the word of the Lord.
Just as Jesus traveled from Shadrach to Meshach to Abednego, we travel from trailer park to trailer park, spreading the good news.
Do you live around here?
I live right here in this van with my kitty.
I see.
Have you read the Bible?
Maybe I have, maybe I haven't. What's it to you?
Can you read, my son?
Well, that depends. Can you go fuck yourself?
Oh, I get it. When the animals are talking, they're not really joking around. It means a lot more deeper stuff.
Look, Ricky, I understand that you're busy and shit, but I haven't seen you for, like, two weeks.
You're going to school, it's "Dope this, school that," you're always here looking after the plants.
Like, can't we just hang out for once?
I'm sorry, Sarah. I know it's been bad, but I'll make it up to you, I promise.
Where in the fuck is Julian? I'm gonna be late for school again.
I've had a lot of time to think about this and I know Ricky and I really crossed the line.
I just wanted to say I'm sorry, buddy.
Yeah, well...
My whole life was in that shed, Julian. Did you and Ricky think of that before you barged in and burned the fucking thing right to the ground?
Come on. This is getting ridiculous.
It is ridiculous, Julian.
Listen, why don't you stop living in cars and vans and sheds and stuff and come stay at my place. A real home, for once.
That shed was a real home, Julian. I loved that place.
It was mine, it wasn't yours. You know what I mean?
And I don't think I should be hanging around with you and Ricky anymore - till you're done growing that dope. And don't think you can buy me off with a jar of those delicious things.
Fine, then. The couch is still there if you want it and I'm chucking out these pickled eggs, Bubbles.
Just leave them there in the garbage can, then.
Do you want another piece of bologna, Sarah?
Yeah, sure.
Where the fuck were you, man? You knew I had class today.
I had to go talk to Bubbles. He's still pissed off at us. Hey, Sarah.
I'll talk to him later. Look, man, I got a major fucking situation.
Grade 10's got me all stressed out. It's way harder than Grade 9, way fucking harder.
Well, I need tonight off, 'cause right now, all I do is study and grow dope.
That gets a little difficult when you have a girlfriend.
What the hell's that supposed to mean?
Think about it.
Listen, I don't have a girlfriend right now because I'm focused with my job, alright?
I do have a girlfriend and if I don't do something with her tonight, I'm gonna lose her and that's not gonna fucking happen.
Take the night off, then. Just show me what I gotta do.
It's not too hard, just make sure the lights come on with the timers and watch the pH levels, 'cause they've been a little fucked up all week.
Other than that, it's not bad. Change the solution in table five if you want.
But I can do it tomorrow.
I'll do it. Don't worry about it.
Go have a good time with Sarah.
You can handle this?
Oh, yeah.
Thanks, buddy. I appreciate it.
Listen, you just gotta talk to me.
Stressed out, man. Calm down.
It's just fucking school, man.
You almost ready, Sarah? I'm gonna be late.
Here's your books.
Thanks, babe.
Hello. My name is Tanya and I'd like to speak with you about the Lord.
Bottle kids!
What was that?
It's just a couple of kids that like to throw bottles at people.
Is that, um...?
Yeah, it's industrial-grade hemp. I make rope.
Okay, boys. Rule number one: No living in a van in Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
J-Roc, you better straighten Panama Jack the fuck out, right now.
A'ight, here's what I'm talking about, you know what I'm saying?
Bubbles is renting this van for $12 a month.
That makes this mothafucker an income property. You know what I'm saying?
Once me and T get power an water going on, then this mothafucker is gonna fall under the same jurisdiction as every other trailer up in this ma. So why don't you and that 15-cheeseburger-eating Rico Suave-looking mothafucker go on, 'cause you ain't beating nobody. Peace.
That's cold, man. That's crazy. Suave Rico cheeseburger.
Hang on. Can I get 15 half-eaten cheeseburgers to go?
You know what I'm saying?
Order me something too, man.
Talking to his gut like it's a person!
Okay, boys. You can laugh and joke, but I win in this situation, 'cause I make one phone call--
Ring! J-Roc.
...to the housing authority, and this van is out of here.
Ain't that something.
Randy, it's the fashion police. You being charged $500 for wearing them pants after Labour Day.
Randy's got funny pants!
May we have a moment of your time to have a word with you about the Lord, and this everlasting gift of love we have to offer for only $59.99?
We have rules in this trailer park, mister.
And rule number one? No soliciting.
Actually, commander, we're not soliciting at all.
We're merely taking advanced orders and filling out some forms.
Most people have welcomed us with open arms.
We already have 16 bible orders.
I'm, like... I know you from somewhere, right?
Don't think so.
Actually, we look forward to meeting everyone in the park - some other time.
God bless you.
Randy, we better keep an eye on those two.
Hey, Tanya.
Hi. Come on out.
I'd like you to meet someone. This is my dad.
Something doesn't add up here, Randy.
What's Julian doing, talking to those guys?
Think he might be in need of a little sexual healing.
Ah, Hampton, he's creepy.
Not him, Randy, her.
What the hell?
Bubbles what are you doing in there?
Doing the same thing you're doing. I'm spying.
I don't trust those two as far as I could fucking throw them.
Yeah, I think they're trying to brainwash Julian.
I seen this thing on the force. Why do you care?
They need my help, Lahey.
They don't care about you, Bubbles. Why do you care about them?
Because real friends stick together.
Besides my kitties, Ricky and Julian are all that I really have.
Piss off, you're gonna blow my cover. what are your long-term goals?
What are your plans for the future?
Well, I guess I just want to grow enough hemp with my partner Rick so I can buy a new trailer, car maybe, have some money in the bank.
I see. And is your partner in the Siegfried and Roy sense?
No, no, no. It's nothing like that.
I see.
Do you have a girlfriend?
No. I don't really have much time to meet women.
That's what Tanya always says.
No time. But really, she's busy doing the Lord's work.
Which I should be doing now. If you'll excuse me.
You little fuckers.
Hey, baby.
How was school?
Holy fuck, it's hard.
I gotta learn all these fucking math equations and new languages and shit.
One class wasn't too bad; it was gym.
Yeah. I scored 12 goals in floor hockey. Kicked ass.
Right on. That's awesome. Hey, check this out.
Oh, that's nice.
Yeah, I got a new dress for tonight.
Three bucks.
That's gonna look hot as hell on ya.
Sixty bucks. Wow.
That's a lot of money for a Bible.
Yes, but they cost us $80 each to produce, so really, it's charity.
Hey, is Ricky here?
Hey, uh, Bubbles.
He's not back from school yet. Hey, listen, I wanted you to meet somebody here.
Yeah, I already met that guy.
Can you just tell Ricky I need to talk to him about some things?
That Bubbles is an interesting character.
Is he... crazy?
Bubbles, are you kidding? He's the sharpest guy in the park, man.
Really. Well, you should see your Bible in six to 14 weeks.
Thanks very much.
God bless you.
God bless you.
Who the fuck was that jackass?
He's not a jackass, Ricky.
I just bought a Bible from him to give to you, man.
An everlasting gift of love to my son.
What, are you drunk or something, Dad?
I've had a couple of drinks.
But I still bought a Bible to give from father to son.
That's really sweet, Ray. I'm gonna go inside and get ready.
Dad, I hate to ask you this, buddy, but can I borrow 30 bucks?
What, are you crazy? I don't have that kind of money.
Look, Dad, I want to take Sarah out tonight for dinner, and you're the one who's always telling me and Julian that the best way to romance a woman is to take her out for Chinese food.
That's what I want to do. She deserves it.
I'm gonna loan you the $30, but when your bible comes in, you and me sit down an hour a day and read it to each other.
I don't have time for that church shit. You know that.
That's the deal man.
Ah, fuck me.
Alright, can I have the 30 bucks, then, or what?
Yeah, I'll loan you the 30 bucks.
Right on, Dad. Thanks, buddy.
No problem, man.
What? They're bottles.
What do you mean, what?
I gotta take bottles back?
There's 35 bucks in bottles there, Ricky.
At least 35 bucks.
Ricky, I--
This is fucking horseshit.
You sound a little ungrateful here, man.
I'm grateful, Dad. Don't get me wrong. I appreciate it.
It's just a little extra work I wasn't counting on right now.
Ahem. Julian, can I fucking speak to you in private for a second?
Can we talk later, Bubbles? I'm kind of busy right now. fuck him.
What's up, Bubbles?
I'll tell you what's up. Those Bible people.
I don't fucking trust them.
They're just selling a few bibles.
It's for a good cause. What's wrong with that?
Alright, Julian.
You remember, I tried to warn you.
Tried to warn me? Why don't you relax, man.
Chill out.
You really care about him, though, don't you?
Yeah, I'm kind of like a big brother to him and Ricky and I screwed up the other day. We, you know, stored a few weed plants in his shed and then it burned down, and now he's pissed.
Weed plants?
Uh, hemp plants.
I let him down, big time.
Well, let's go get your mind off it.
Let's go grab a bite to eat or something.
I gotta... It's my shift.
I can't go anywhere.
You can't leave the plants alone for a couple of hours?
I'd really like to be alone with you.
Get the fuck out. Hey, Bible guy.
Yes, my child?
I got a couple of questions for you.
Yes, and do you have $59.99?
Maybe I do.
How do I know I'm gonna get my fucking Bible if I give it to you, though?
Oh, I see where this is going.
Okay, boys, the party's over.
Hampton, I want you out of my trailer park.
Actually, lieutenant, I think my work here is done.
And I'm off to spread the word of the Lord to other parts of the community.
That was a little too easy.
He's an arsehole.
Have you guys seen Cory and Trevor?
No, Bubbles.
What do you want with them?
None of your business, Randy.
I don't ask you why you keep driving cheeseburgers into that thing.
Ease off, Bubbles.
Jeez, Bubbles, I switched to chicken. You know, the grilled ones.
That's fucking lies, Randy.
I've seen you drive 15 cheeseburgers into that thing in one sitting.
Don't pay any attention. You're beautiful, Randy.
Hey, Bub.
Ricky, we need to talk.
Hey, Bubbles, what's up?
Hey, Sarah.
You look really nice.
Listen, I'm in a rush right now, but I'll talk to you later, alright?
We should talk now, Ricky. I think Julian's mixed up with some crazy people.
What, those Bible people?
They're harmless.
Don't worry about them, man. He can look after himself.
Yeah, we gotta go. We're going for Chinese food.
Oh, can you guys get me some meat egg rolls, then?
Sure, bud.
We have to talk, though, Ricky. I'm telling ya. Something's up.
Can we talk or...?
No, don't mind me.
I'm only your best friend.
Here you go. Just keep the change. Thanks.
What the fuck do they call these things again?
Sweet'n'sour chicken.
Man, it's gonna be awesome.
Do you have forks?
Julian? What the fuck's he doing here?
Julian, what's this bullshit?
Why aren't you watching the dope plants, you asshole?
Calm down, Ricky. I'm just grabbing some takeout.
Takeout, my ass.
Looks to me like you're on a date with cinnamon-roll fucking head.
Um, I'm gonna pop into the restaurant and call my dad and let you sort this out. Remember what I told you.
Right. I'll just be a minute.
Thanks for embarrassing me, Rick.
Don't even fucking start with me, man.
Don't you even care about the dope anymore?
Why don't you shut up about that.
Don't tell Ricky to shut up!
You're the one being selfish. I'll be in the car.
Sorry about this, Sarah.
Save me some of those sweet'n'powered chicken things.
Thanks, Ricky. This is the first date I've had since I been out of jail.
Why don't you show me some respect?
I ask for one fucking night off and look what happens.
I'm going back to the Airstream.
Don't worry about it, man.
I'm going back to the Airstream.
No, I'm going back to the Airstream.
No you're not. I am.
Great, Ricky. You freaked her out. She took off. Thanks, buddy.
She probably took off 'cause you're acting like a dick.
Thanks for ruining my date, Rick.
Whatever, Julian.
Oh, look who decided to show up for work.
Hope it wasn't too much trouble, Julian.
What in the fuck? Where's all the dope?
She told me she loved me.
I trusted her and then she took all the dope, man.
Oh, my fuck. All the dope's gone?! What about Freedom 35?
Now that's fucked. I'm supposed to be the stupid one, not you.
How could you let this happen, you jackass? Nice going.
Hey, boys.
Not now, Bubbles.
We just got some major bad news. Take a look in there.
There's fucking nothing in there. So Freedom 35, bye-bye.
Thanks to fuckhead here.
Maybe not, Ricky. Maybe I can help.
What are you gonna do, Bubbles?
Well, there's a lot your friends can do, Ricky, if you fucking give them a chance.
Friends stick together, even if they get fucked around or one of them forgets to buy the guy eggrolls.
Ah, fuck. Sorry, buddy.
The least of our worries right now, though.
It's alright. Don't worry about it.
I'll always be there for you guys, 'cause you guys are my best friends.
Friends stick together.
When you got no family, that's all you got, right?
You got that right.
So guess what?
I knew those Bible people were phony, so I got Cory and Trevor to tail them. That's how good of a friend I am.
Now you can get all your dope back.
Where is it?
We followed them, Julian.
They went to that greasy bar by the airport.
The Slick Pimp?
Yeah, dude.
Van parked out back. All the dope is still there. Everything.
Oh, fuck, it's Lahey.
Come on, boys, let's go get the dope back. fuck off, Lahey. Get out of here.
They get robbed, Lahey, by Bible man.
Well, that makes 38 people that were ripped off in this trailer park.
Just over $2,800.
How much did they get you for, Ricky?
I didn't fall for this. Neither did Bubbles.
Now we gotta go get our fucking... furniture and shit back.
Come on, guys. Move your fucking car, Lahey.
I'll go get the Rockpile.
Come with me, Bubbles.
Move the car, Randy.
I'm gonna get that money back. As soon as I find them, I'm gonna call you, you call the cops.
They're going to jail, Lahey.
That's the arseholes' van right there. fuck, the dope's still there. Alright, Cory, Trevor, where you at?
Right here, dude.
I want you guys to hot-wire this car, take it back to the Airstream. Drive slowly, I don't want the cops pulling you over, alright?
Ricky, Bubbles, Rockpile, let's go get everyone's money back.
I got this, Julian, you know what I'm saying?
Rockpile up in this ma.
Hold up, Rick.
There's the little fucker right there.
Bubbles, go call Lahey, tell him to meet us here.
Sure thing, Julian.
Isn't that what's-her-face?
No, it can't be.
Yeah, it is.
Look, look, I know--
Where's the money?
Look, I have it right here. There's just one thing I have to--
Where the fuck's the van?
It's cool, I got my car. fuck off!
Just give us the money.
I can't believe you stole our fucking dope!
We're trapped in! We're gonna get fucking killed!
Be careful, boys.
He's out of bullets, Ricky.
Cover me.
Give us the fucking money.
You don't know I'm out of bullets.
Give us the fucking money!
Nobody steals my fucking dope. Nobody, you dick.
Police! Nobody move!
The guy with the glasses is with me.
The guys with the track pants and the glasses are with me.
Shut up! Look what you did, you idiot!
You had to dance one more time, didn't ya?!
Oh, you liked it. You fucking loved it.
You didn't have to say you loved me, you know. fuck you, you greasy trailer-park boy.
Oh, don't worry about her, Julian.
Jesus Christ, she is hot, though.
I know. girls out there than her. Come on, buddy.
It's alright, buddy. Let's go.
I can't believe I finally got in a shootout and didn't get shot.
Put her there.
I can't believe I didn't get fucking shot.
Me and T jacked this digital-cable shit, know what I'm saying?
J-Roc's don't pay a cent of it, too. Peace.
Yeah, man. 150 channels free, you can't go wrong, man.
All the "mazubies" you can watch, boy.
Okay, man. We out.
Thanks, guys. I've never had cable before.
Can we talk, Bubbles?
Yeah, actually, let me explain this, Julian.
Bubbles, I know sometimes we get a little caught up in this Freedom 35 stuff and we get mixed up and you go home and you're thinking about stuff and thinking what your friends were thinking and things get all scrambled up like a big fucking pan of eggs and... You know what I mean?
What he's trying to say is, you're way more important to us than the dope, man. I'm sorry.
You're like a brother to me.
Thanks, guys.
Brother to me too, buddy.
Come on, boys.
Thanks, man.
Twenty fucking times I've been up this ladder. This is bullshit!
Pretend you're a little squirrel, Ricky.
Why don't you pretend you're someone fucking off, Bubbles?
Hurry up, Rick. fucking tell me to fuck off.
Three, two, one.
Same time every night for the last two weeks.
Do you know what you're doing, Ricky?
I've been stealing power since fucking Grade 7, guys.
I know what I'm fucking doing here.
I don't know what the bastards are doing, Randy, but this is the last night we're gonna have to reset our clocks.
You mark my words.
Well, except for spring ahead and fall back.
Right, Mr. Lahey?
Right, Randy. fuck, I'm on fire, boys!
Good job! Transformer zero, Ricky one.
I guess the guards are going to smuggle our hash into prison inside of pens, Rick. Pretty cool, eh?
You can get four grams of hash into each pen.
Smell that.
Did you smell it yet? What's your problem?
Take a look at my fucking clothes, Julian.
That's what my problem is.
I gotta go to school looking like this.
It's pretty fucked up.
I'm just sick of this! This is one of the only shirts I have, cause in case you forgot, I've got no fucking money!
Ricky, you don't get it, do you? Listen! We sell the dope, you'll be able to buy a thousand fucking shirts!
In the meantime, I look like a fucking idiot!
Tape it up or something.
This is fucked.
It's not ripped that bad.
I'm sick of this.
All I ask for is a five-dollar shirt or something.
Just something to put on my fucking body!
I gotta go see Bubbles.
I'll talk to you in a little while, alright?
Hey, Trina.
Hey, Ricky. What's pumping?
Not too much, Trina.
What's the matter?
I just don't feel too good about myself right now.
My clothes are all shitty and I'm living in a car, growing dope and I don't have my Grade 10 yet. And I feel stupid.
I just wish I could be smart like everybody else for a change.
Ricky, what's the capital of British Columbia?
What's the capital of Nova Scotia?
Oh, that's easy. It's Halifax.
You see, Ricky? You're gonna get your Grade 10.
You'll be just as smart as everyone else.
Can you put that on the rip on my back?
Do you really think so, Trina?
Yeah, I do.
Ricky, you're smart.
Whoever did this is really stupid.
You're dealing with a dangerous moron.
We know a guy who fits that description to a T, don't we, Mr. Lahey?
We sure do.
Call me crazy, but do guys who grow dope ever do this kind of thing?
You're not crazy, I see it all the time.
Guys bypassing the meters so the cops don't notice the surge in their power bills.
Cops and dope don't mix, do they, Mr. Lahey?
Like shit and strawberry shortcake, Randy.
How many times have I told her to stay away from those reprobates?
I wouldn't worry about it, Mr. Lahey.
She's just at the age where, you know, kids like to rebel.
That's what I thought about Ricky and Julian 20 years ago.
They turned out like shit.
Where did I go wrong, Randy?
Where did I go wrong?
For fuck's sakes!
Can I help you guys with something?
You wouldn't know somebody in the park who might be, uh, growing dope and stealing power, would you?
Somebody whose name might rhyme with Ricky?
Don't know what you're talking about.
Why don't you go talk to Cory and Trevor?
Good day, gentlemen.
Holy fuck, I think he's on to you, Julian.
You and Ricky are going to wind up back in jail.
No, they can't do shit, Bubbles.
I'm 20 steps ahead of Lahey and the cops at all times.
Remember that. Don't worry about it, buddy.
Alright, whatever you say.
What's up, Trina?
Hi. May I have, uh, a dollar sixty's worth of mild pepperoni, please?
She's talking to them, Randy.
Could you guys lend me 25 bucks till next week?
Why would I lend you any money?
Come on, guys.
I'd give you 30 bucks for the bike.
No. No, it's worth more than that.
Okay, so how about this?
You lend me the bike and I give you the 30 bucks, and when you come back and get it, you gotta give me 35 bucks.
It's a good deal, you should do it.
It's like a pawn.
Yeah, it's a pawn. A pawn.
Fine, whatever.
Those idiots are stealing her bike, Randy.
Trina, will you buy me a bag of chips?
I'm not buying you a bag of chips.
Stealing a little girl's bike!
You guys should be ashamed of yourselves.
Come on, get off that bike!
We paid for that. That's ours, dude. fuck off!
It's our bike, she sold it to us!
Get over here. Trina!
You got sweat on me, you greasy bastard.
Why don't you put a fucking shirt on?
What's going on here?
She sold that to us, dude.
It's a legal transaction. We bought it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa...
Would you like to make a statement, Trina?
Why do Cory and Trevor have your bike? Did they threaten you?
No. I pawned it off to them.
I needed a little extra cash.
And stop with the cop stuff.
What's this for?
Who's the shirt for, Trina?
Yeah, whose pepperoni?
It's Ricky's.
Ricky's pepperoni?
You're grounded.
Go back to the trailer.
I warned you about hanging out with those losers.
Dad... They're not losers!
Ricky and Julian have crossed the line this time, Randy.
Making my little girl sell her bike to buy pepperoni and a shirt?!
Those idiots are going back to Con College.
Not next week, not tomorrow, today, Randy.
Let's roll.
You know what I'm gonna do, Randy?
I'm gonna tell Julian I'm calling the cops, and then I'm not gonna call 'em.
I don't get it, Mr. Lahey.
Julian thinks he's smarter than me, Randy. But he isn't.
I'm always ten steps ahead of him.
He's gonna think the cops are coming, they're gonna move the dope.
We're gonna watch where they move it, then we're gonna give the cops that address and that's gonna be on the warrant.
Did you know you're allowed to buy dope for real in Amsterdam and smoke it right in the restaurant?
Julian, Lahey's here, man!
You crossed the line this time, you motherfucker.
Get your fucking hands off me, Lahey.
How dare you involve my daughter in your hemisphere of shit?!
Let go, Lahey.
What's wrong, Lahey?
My last good shirt. You just ripped it again, you asshole.
Yeah? I'm just getting warmed up. Get back in the car, Randy.
Mr. Lahey, no, no. You're way out of control here.
Get back in the car, you disobedient fat bastard.
No, I won't get back in the car!
You know what? I quit!
Go fuck yourself, Mr. Lahey!
Tu es brute.
Holy fuck.
Relax man.
Guess what? I know about the dope in the trailer, Julian.
Newsflash: Everyone does. I just called the cops.
They're on their way with a warrant right now for 36 Willow Court.
Is that right?
Well, I happen to know it takes a couple of hours, for the cops to get a fucking search warrant approved by a judge.
Bet you didn't call the cops yet, did ya?
Didn't think so. Why don't you get out of my face, Lahey?
Get the fuck out of here, Randy.
Make like a tree and fuck off.
Oh, my God.
What the fuck are we gonna do?
He called the cops. They're gonna be here any second.
Bubbles... Boys, boys, listen up.
Bubbles, chill out for a minute.
Okay, the search warrant is for this address, right?
According to fuckhead.
What if we moved all the dope?
Come on, Julian!
Let's go, Bubs!
Ricky, help me.
Just a second, Bubbles.
I'm dropping it! Come on!
Come on, Ricky! The cops're gonna be here any time now. Come on.
Forget it, boys. You're not bringing any more weed into my trailer.
I'm not a fucking greenhouse, boys.
Dad, it'll be here a couple of hours. Don't worry about it.
You're not 12 years old any more. I can' keep getting you--
Grab this, you've fucking grown dope before!
Listen to me. Ricky, Ricky, Ricky.
No, no, no, listen to me. I'm trying to say something. Listen!
They don't have a search warrant for this fucking trailer.
So remember, don't act like an idiot.
I've never been caught with this much dope before, Julian.
Just give me a little drink.
There you go, boys.
Right on, Dad.
What in the fuck?
Holy shit. I'd swear that was Randy if that guy didn't have a shirt on.
Nice shirt, too.
What do you want?
Let's bury the hatchet here.
I brought this so we could sit around and get drunk like we used to as kids here, at 1 Bonnyview.
1 Bonnyview?
Listen, if you think you can come over here with rum, smokes and wearing a shirt, thinking you can become buddy-buddies with us again, you're mistaken.
Get the fuck out of here.
Julian, please.
Mr. Lahey is an asshole.
Let me prove my allegiance to you guys.
I'm cool, I swear.
Get the fuck out of here.
Julian, maybe we should give him a chance.
He wasn't so bad before.
We could probably get him to do some fucked up stuff. It'd be fun.
Yeah, what the hell. I got no problem drinking his rum and smoking his smokes.
Randy, come back here for a second!
Where are the cops at?
I don't know.
I could be fucking studying right now.
What's up, Rick?
Listen, if you go and get me some "gelapeno" chips and two dollars worth of pepperoni, I'll hang out with you for a bit.
Well, sure.
Yeah, get me some fucking gummy worms and stuff.
Gummy worms, okay. Jalapeno chips, pepperoni.
Want anything, Julian?
Anyone else want anything while I'm down there?
Yeah, pick me up a bag of jalapeno chips.
"Alapeno"? What flavor is that?
Ricky, the "j" is silent.
You're saying it wrong.
The "j" is like an "h" Ricky.
"Halapeno", not "gelapeno".
What in the fuck are you guys talking about?
"Halapeno". That's how you pronounce it.
I know how to pronounce it. I ordered fucking "gelapeno".
Hey, dickhead's leaving.
Go on in and fuck something of his up, Randy.
You want to impress us, really fuck that trailer over big time.
Right on, guys.
Holy fuck, he got in.
Holy shit. He's got his TV!
Right on, boys. That was awesome!
What a frigging rush.
Told you, Julian.
Do you really want to prove yourself there, Randy?
Of course I do.
Piss in Lahey's car.
I can't.
Why not!
I, I don't have to pee.
Look, guys, I can go back to the store, get something to drink, we'll just hook up at Lahey's in a little while.
Awesome, Randy.
We'll do it up then.
See, Julian? He's cool.
He's gonna piss in Lahey's car.
Get some more rum, too!
Holy fuck, he's doing it.
I can't fucking believe he's doing this.
That's fucking awesome. Right on, Randy!
Smokes. Let's go, Randy.
So all the dope is in Ray's trailer?
What were you just talking about?
Nothing, Julian. We were just shooting shit here.
Don't you ever, ever talk about dope around us again. You got it?
We got nothing to do with dope.
I want all this dope out of my trailer, boy! fuck, Dad. Shut the fuck up about that, I told ya!
What was that?
What's that?
Randy, take off your fucking shirt.
What the hell?
Jesus, he's got a wire on!
Whoever's listening to this can fuck off!
Take off your pants!
I'm not taking off my pants, Julian.
What the fuck is going on?
Why do you want his pants down?
Hurry up!
This is crazy.
Come on.
These are tight pants.
What the hell is that?
See, boys?
Fake piss apparatus. Never trust a man with no shirt on.
Mr. Lahey!
Grab him, Ricky!
Get him. Get him, Ricky!
Mr. Lahey, we're busted.
The falcon's flown. I repeat, the falcon's flown.
Alright, boys! Cease and desist!
The cops are on the way to number 1 Bonnyview, right now, with a warrant.
What are you talking about, Lahey?
Do you know what a shit rope is, Julian?
It's a rope covered with shit that criminals try to hold on to.
You see, the shit kind of acts like grease.
The harder you try to climb up, the tighter you try to hold on, the faster you slide down the rope, Julian.
All the way to jail.
This is private property. Get the fuck outta here.
Have another drink, Lahey.
Holy shit.
Guys, what are we gonna do now?
I'm afraid. What is a shit rope?
I don't know.
Meeting inside, let's go!
What's a shit rope?
I don't fucking know.
Are we sliding down some sort of a shitty rope? ulian, we gotta burn that fucking dope, man.
I can't go to jail. My kitties, who will look after them?
I'm burning that fucking dope. Let's burn it.
Bubbles, don't even joke about shit like that. It's my dope!
Listen, listen, listen. Would you guys calm down?
Nobody's burning any dope here, we're not going back to jail.
Just let me think.
Not right now, Trina, okay?
No, I know what's going on.
Dad was on the phone all day with the cops.
What's up? Did you hear anything?
He kept saying the address "1 Bonnyview".
Holy shit, that's here!
This is important. Did he say anything else?
He talked about you guys moving the dope from the Airstream and then he just kept repeating the address for the search warrant.
Son of a bitch. He was spying on us.
Now what the fuck are we going to do?
We're gonna burn the dope!
We're not burning the fucking dope!
Calm down!
Good job.
Come on, Rick.
Pass me the hammer.
It's right there.
Come on.
Let's go.
Hurry up, Rick.
Do you really think the cops are stupid enough to fall for this, Ricky?
Hear that sweet sound, Randy?
That's the sign of a couple of recidivist assholes packing their bags, heading back to Con College.
You drive, buddy.
Come on, Ricky. Hurry. (police car approaching)
We gotta climb the shit rope.
Hey, guys. Is there a problem here?
I think so.
What's going on here?
Get the drink down there.
Get your hands up on the railing where I can see them.
What the fuck's going on?
Search warrant for 1 Bonnyview.
Brian, get that door open.
This is 3 Maple Lake Drive.
Get your hands on that!
3 Maple Lake Drive.
Don't touch me! Get your hands off me!
Brian, Brian wait!
You guys just stay quiet there for a minute.
Sorry about the misunderstanding, guys, but--
Just stay quiet.
What's going on, Officer?
Well maybe you can tell me, Jim.
Where's 1 Bonnyview?
This is 1 Bonnyview.
No, it's not.
This is 3 Maple Lake.
It's a big 3 up there.
This is 1 Bonnyview, George.
Check the street sign.
It's says Maple Lake--
You be quiet!
George, they changed the sign. They changed the number, George.
That's not true.
I can't believe you're falling for this shit.
Oh, we're falling for it.
We're supposed to go back to the judge, get a new warrant and say, "Oh, we got tricked"?
This has been 1 Bonnyview for 25, 30 years, George.
What are you talking about, you alcoholic?
You be quiet.
George, look at them. They're losers.
Go inside, the place is full of dope! You got probable cause!
Calm down. Geez, you smell.
George, you got probable cause here, George.
That shirtless dick right there is drinking and driving.
Get over there and get your hands up there!
Jesus, you're a liar, Ricky!
Ricky! Ricky! You are in big trouble!
For what?
This is fraud!
This is fraud!
Yeah, you're drunk and he's drinking and driving.
Two drinks is not drinking and driving!
Oh, yeah? Do the breathalyzer, dickhead!
Get in now!
See you later, Lahey and Randy.
Sorry about the drinking and driving shit.
Ricky, that's enough. And I hope you realize how lucky we got.
Because we got real lucky. This is Trina's fault, cause when she's around, Lahey's around.
Get rid of her, alright?
Boys, we shouldn't be arguing.
What am I supposed to say to her?
Just tell her not to hang out with you anymore.
Alright, I'll talk to her.
Thank you.
Hey, Trina.
Come over here for a second, I gotta talk to you.
What time is it anyway? Shouldn't you be in bed?
Well, I snuck out.
Dad's drunk with Randy and... and Mum's with Sam at his place.
They don't really care what I'm doing.
Well, I do care and that's what this is all about.
I'm sorry about the sweat stains.
Randy took it and wore it.
You got this for me?
You didn't have to do that, Trina.
Hey, we're buddies, right?
Ever since my daughter moved away, like...
I don't know, I love being a father.
And when your daughter moves away and you gotta stop being a father, it just gets a little weird and my brain's not that good anyway.
You know, you're not always thinking about parental stuff, you're not thinking the way you should be or whatever and that's why it's been kind of nice having you around, 'cause you kind of start making me think like a dad again, my brain's working sometimes again.
And that's why I gotta ask you to stop hanging out with me.
Just maybe till I stop growing dope or whatever.
Do you understand?
I'm sorry. we can hang out, right?
Oh, yeah. Definitely.
I just don't want, in case any bullshit goes down with the cops or your dad flips out of his head, cause you know, he likes to do that.
I just think it's best, alright?
Do good on your Grade 10, Ricky.
Thanks, Trina.
Thanks for the shirt. It's wicked.
Look at that.
That's some chunk of hash, Julian.
Yeah, that's incredible.
Hey, nice shirt.
Trina gave it to me.
Looks good.
Ricky, check this out.
Man, that's perfect. Good job, guys.
Ricky, do you have something you want to talk to Julian about?
Look, Julian.
I'm just wondering, now that you and Bubbles know how to make the hash, if there's any way that I can go home and study for my final exam...
I know you think school is fucked, but I really gotta study, buddy.
Guess what, Rick. I'm really proud of you, buddy.
Go study.
Next time you see us, all this weed is gonna be turned into hash.
You guys are awesome. I'm almost sad to see it end though.
I fucking love growing dope.
Well, just think.
In three days, we're all gonna be retired.
Put it here.
Here's to Freedom 35.
Ricky, what are you doing?
Just doing some tests.
You were supposed to get rid of this shit.
What's up with the new clones?
Hear me out, Julian, alright?
No, you hear me out, Ricky.
The deal was grow the dope, sell it, that's it.
No more breaking the law.
That's what I want to talk to you about, man.
When I went back to school, it changed all my perspecticks on life.
Imagine what I could do with dope once I get my Grade 10.
It would be awesome.
Ricky, you're starting to scare me.
Listen. We sell the hasch, you'll never have to work again.
Why do you want to take this chance?
I simply take this, pass it to the guard, sell it, it's all over.
One time sale, we don't go to jail.
How many times do I gotta--
Holy fuck!
I gotta go write my exam, man, I'm gonna be late.
No. Listen, we're gonna talk about this, Ricky.
You got any ignition spray?
No, I don't.
Ricky, listen, can you please talk to me just for one minute?
I don't got time.
That trailer is packed with evidence and we gotta get rid of it.
And you, my friend, you're not growing any more dope, do you hear me?
Bullshit I'm not growing dope!
You're not growing any more dope!
This is my decision.
That's like asking NWA to stop being black.
It's what I do: I grow fucking dope.
Fine. Have fun growing dope while Sam Losco's the new trailer-park supervisor.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Sam asked Barbara to marry him last night.
That's no big deal, is it?
No big deal?
What are you talking about? Barbara owns this trailer park, Ricky.
If that happens, we're gonna be fucked and you're gonna go back to jail.
And I'm not going with you this time.
I'm not worried about it.
I'm worried about getting this fucking car going and going to get my exam written. I'm worried about the war of 1812, I'm worried about the fucking solar system.
Blah, blah, blah... You do what you gotta do and I'm gonna do what I gotta do, alright?
See ya later, buddy. No more partnership, nothing.
Bullshit! I thought we were a fucking team!
You take your money and you go do whatever you want, man.
Don't you fucking touch that dope until I get back from school.
I'm sick of you, Ricky!
Don't you fucking touch it.
It's not right. It's my dope too, Julian.
Where the fuck is my ignition spray? fuck!
Basically, Barbara, Mr. Lahey's ex-wife, owns this trailer park. So Sam is trying to romance her and get together with her so he can take over and have control of this park to fuck us around.
And that's not going to happen.
We're gonna have to do something about that.
Well, J-Roc's been known to mess around with porn.
He calls it "adult film making", he's been making a little bit of small movie stuff on the side. I don't know, it's kind of low budget, but people seem to like it, apparently.
I don't know. I'm not doing anymore of that porn stuff.
I did it once, and it was a fucking nightmare.
There ain't no way I'm making no more porn movies, dog.
Last time, my mum went off on my head, you know what I'm saying.
I'm like, I don't play that no more, Jules.
Listen, I understand your situation, but we've got to frame Sam.
And I can't think of any other way of doing it.
It's a perfect plan. It'll work.
Jules, I don't know.
I got your back, you know what I'm saying, but I can't get behind that greasy hot-dog eating Neanderthal mo-fucker.
Hang on, J-Roc. Don't say no just yet.
I'd certainly star in another one of your movies.
I don't know, man. Last time, it was weak, it was low budget, there was no money...
That's right.
I'm not feeling it, man.
Well, I got a budget for ya. How does 800 bucks sound?
Eight hundred bucks?!
Why didn't you say the shit was professional, Jules?
Two hundred and thirteen shopping carts, Randy.
Where's Trina?
She's in her room.
She's still grounded for pawning her bike to Cory and Trevor.
Oh, right. Well, I just popped over to tell you that Sam Losco proposed last night.
You gotta be kidding!
No. I think it's about time one of us tried to provide the girl with a stable family atmosphere where she doesn't feel like she has to pawn her bike or deliver pepperoni to drug dealers.
And you think that you're the perfect parent?
Randy, when I want advice on cheeseburgers or not wearing a shirt, you know, you're the person I'll come to.
Alright, alright. Let's just pretend we're adults here for a moment, please.
Trina, come out here for a moment.
Trina, please, come here!
Gee, that was effective, Jim.
What the fuck do you want, Lahey?
I'm looking for my daughter, Ricky.
Hey, hey, hey, whoa, whoa.
Ricky, over Jim's radio
Randy, I'll be with you in one second.
Hands off the equipment. That's for official business only!
I haven't seen Trina since her dysfunctional parents grounded her for something stupid. Get the fuck in the car.
How dare you speak to us like that?
How dare you marry a money-hustling cave man, honey?
That is none of your business.
What I do on my own time is my business.
I own this trailer park and I can make your life hell.
Well, you're making your daughter's life hell.
If you went to parent school, maybe she'd stop running away.
That's why I drink, Barbara.
Get this piece of shit out of my way, Lahey.
I've got to go to school.
Hey, Julian!
Trina! What are you doing here?
My parents were fighting and that dick Sam might become my step-father.
I don't have anyone to talk to.
You're lucky I'm in a rush right now.
Just stay back there and keep your head down.
This is no place for a young lady, Trina.
What's going on, dog?
Who, uh, who are the ladies?
Oh, I can't really talk about that, Sam, you know what I'm saying?
Ah, I can.
You're about the dopest mac up in this park.
Can you keep a secret?
Me and T, we making an adult film with the ladies, you know what I'm saying?
Ladies, come on over and say hi to a friend of mine.
This here is Sam.
You're looking kind of familiar.
Have you ever been in any tv or film or anything?
Me? I used to do acting in junior high, but...
Well, that's acting experience.
You look like the type of man that could really take charge of this, handle it.
You want me to be in your adult video?
It's just a tape for the girls. Nobody will see it.
No one will ever see it?
Just a tape for they selves, gonna stay on the shelves.
Ah, I don't know...
I'll be honest, it didn't even occur to me. T?
Didn't cross my mind.
But Sam, damn!
That's not a bad idea, you know what I'm saying?
You know I'm engaged.
Alright, you guys stay here with her.
I'll be back in a minute.
Hey, Julian. What's in the bag?
Nothing. You can get in the front now, Trina.
Let me ask you something.
Would you be upset if your mum and Sam broke up?
Would Randy be upset if you gave him a double cheeseburger?
This is turning out to be one fucked up day. Remember Cyrus, that idiot that tried to take over the trailer park that time?
Apparently, he was in night school 'cause he didn't get his Grade 10 either and the teachers couldn't handle him, so he's writing his fucking final exam with us today.
And all these kids coming up to me saying, "Did you see who was with Cyrus?" Guess who was with him? Lucy.
And she's doing that to try and make me jealous.
She's banging Cyrus, which is bullshit.
Do people want me to fail Grade 10? I got all this dope stuff, Lucy and Cyrus on my mind today and you fucking idiots following me around.
I can't handle this, guys. But you make my words, I'm gonna get my Grade 10 and everybody else can just catch a boat to Fuckoffityland.
So shut off your little camera and I gotta go write my fucking exam.
Wish I had time for a smoke, but I don't. fuck, shut it off, guys. You're fucking pissing me off.
It's off.
The red light's still on in the front.
Pencils down.
Who's smoking?
Richard, you're letting me down.
I'm sorry. I'm addicted.
He's cheating.
Look at the back of his arms and neck.
They're a frigging cheat couple.
You fucking...
You both failed Grade 10. Get out of my classroom.
You gotta be kidding me.
Get out!
Please, Miss, it's not my fault. He made me do it.
I'm gonna have to talk to your mother about this, Jacob.
I'm really disappointed. Get out of my class.
Please don't call her.
Get out of my class.
Please don't call her.
Cyrus, knock-knock!
Who's there?
Someone who just failed Grade 10.
I'll see you later.
Well, you can't see me now cause you're kicked out of Grade 10. fuck off! I got work to do.
Well, have fun getting a job since you're kicked out of Grade 10, you fucking dummy.
Richard, you're on thin ice. Eyes back down to your paper.
Sorry, Miss Connelly.
What's up with the truck, Mr. Lahey?
I found a loophole in the lease I signed with Julian for the Airstream.
Legally, we can't control what goes on inside the Airstream, but figuratively, the trailer is no fixed address, Randy.
So we can legally move it.
We're gonna move little Ricky's dope growing operation right here to our driveway, Randy.
That'll throw a wrench into their little dope-growing plans.
Brilliant, Sir.
What are these things hanging in the trees, J-Roc?
Bubbles, they the stick pimps, you know what I'm saying?
A-right, this here's the scene where the 3 lumberjacks come in, you know what I'm saying? Bubbles, you untie them witch hos, you know what I'm saying, and get your freak on, and then, Sam, ya'll come in and say, "No, hang on now, you ain't getting your freak on till I get paid."
Right? 'Cause them your witch hos, you know what I'm saying?
Cory and Trevor, hang on just one second.
Bubbles, ya alright?
I'm alright, let's do it.
Alright, Bubbles, go get your freak on, you know what I'm saying? Action!
No witches are gonna burn in my woods, ladies.
Oh, thank you, kind sir. How can we repay you for saving our lives?
Uh, I gotta couple of ideas.
Oh, you're a naughty lumberjack.
Hey, hold it there, lumberjack!
No one's getting my witches unless I get paid.
Or else, I'm gonna burn em.
You can pay me in livestock, land deeds or gold coins.
Sam, whispering
Alright, Cory, Trevor, go, go.
Get your freak on, Cory and Trevor.
It's all good, you know what I'm saying?
And... cut!
Alright, that's a wrap.
Don't we get to do stuff? You said we were going to get to do stuff.
That's dope, we got it all in the first two takes, you know what I'm saying.
Ah shit, man, we got played!
That's ridiculous man, come on.
Why don't y'all go home and do some practice on yourselves.
Why don't you fuck off?
My boy's gonna play in the big leagues some day. Hey!
Let's go on.
Go on, you guys.
Right, take the camera right, running through the woods, spinning around, do all kinds of crazy shit.
And then, you act all scared and stuff, and you're running, right?
You're running around, acting crazy with the camera.
Then you stop and say, "I ain't never been no frisky in my life."
Then you take this flashlight and put it under your face, you know what I'm saying? You run and do it crazy, you know what I'm saying?
I think so.
A-right, you're scared, but you're frisky, right? A-right? Go!
Sam, whispering
Say it now.
I ain't never been so frisky in my life.
How was that, J-Roc?
Bubbles, I don't know, dog.
I don't even believe that you're frisky, right?
Try it again, but sound like you're really frisky, right?
You're like scared.
Jesus, J-Roc, I've done it four times.
I don't know if I can do it any better.
One more time.
No one's ever gonna see this?
Sam, you got the word of the J to the R O C!
J-Roc, this is a great idea, man.
Sam, you the bare pimp. You the pimp.
Thank you, J-Roc.
This is the best day of my life, Bubbles.
Zoom in on Sam, super pimp.
Oh, thank god I found you, man. Listen.
What do you want, Lucy?
Cyrus has totally freaked out. He flunked Grade 10 this morning and I broke up with him and he is on a fucking rampage.
He's got a gun and he's looking for you and he said he's going to kill you.
What the fuck are you talking about, he's gonna kill me?
It's not my fault.
He knows that I went out with him because I wanted to make you jealous.
And he's all fucked up. So come on, let's go.
Lucy, I don't have time for this shit right now.
Just come with me. Just ten minutes.
We really gotta talk about this. Let's go.
Can I borrow 2 bucks for gas?
Yes, of course.
Hi, Barb.
Listen, there's something on this tape you should watch before you consider marrying Sam.
What do you mean, "consider marrying Sam"? I am--
Just watch it. It was filmed today.
What was filmed today? Julian!
Oh, that's a really good grading present.
I can't wait till Ricky sees that cocksucker.
I just hope he did okay on his exam.
Hey, Sarah, where's Ricky? I gotta find him!
Friggin Lahey is hauling his dope trailer away!
Are you serious?
Come on! Yes! Come on!
Let's go, guys! Let's go!
Holy fuck!
The Bare Pimp Project. Have you seen this little masterpiece?
Where did you get this?
Julian dropped it off.
How could you do this to me, you bastard?!
Honey, give me a chance to explain. You know, I've always wanted to be an actor, okay?
And actors have to be open to different experiences and...
I was just pretending, it was just--
There is no way in hell that I would marry you!
And you know what? I hate hot-dogs! fuck! fuck Julian!
Lucy, you expect I'm just gonna drop everything and go back with you after you went out with fucking Randy and Cyrus?
Well fuck, Lucy that's fucked!
Randy is a fucking sasquatch.
Check it out! gas attendant
How are you doing, Sir?
Fill it up with Supreme?
No, don't fill it up.
Just put two dollars thirty-five cents regular.
My perspecticks have changed now since school and new relationships and stuff, Lucy. I'm a different man.
You're talking about Sarah, right?
Yeah, I knew it. Right?
Well, not totally maybe all because of Sarah, but the thing is, is that...
Look, I'll drive you back to the park, but there's probably a pretty good chance that it might be over between us.
I'm sorry.
Two thirty-five, Sir.
What the hell is going on?
You're in trouble now, Lahey.
Ricky's here, buddy.
What are you doing to my trailer?
What are you doing in Ricky's car?
What are you doing living with Ricky?
It's not what it looks like, just calm down for a second.
Bottle kids! (screaming) fuck, that was a lot of bottles!
You listen here, Lahey!
Unhook this trailer right the fuck now!
I got a lease for this shit.
What do you want?!
Where the fuck are Julian and J-Roc?!
Bubbles, trunk, guns, let's go! I need back up here.
What the fuck is going on, Jules? All them guns and shit.
I don't play that shit.
Julian, what is going on?
You stay down and don't move.
Julian, I need some fucking help here!
Randy, 911, we need the cops. fuck! I'm fucking shot!
Ah, fuck!
Stop your firing!
Boys, listen, listen. (sirens wailing)
The cops! We gotta get that trailer out of here. It's full of dope.
Get rid of the gun, Bubbles!
You fucking dicks, you fucking shot me!
Come on, boys.
You're fucking dead!
What kind of trouble can I get in for driving you guys with all this dope and these guns and all the crazy bullshit?
It's not a big deal, Bubbles, don't worry about it.
We got in a little bit of a gun fight.
I got shot a little bit. It's no big deal.
A bit of dope to get rid of. We're fine.
I don't know, Ricky. I heard that, you know, we could get in a lot of trouble for having that much dope and guns.
Bubbles, you'll just get a slap on the wrist, man.
Everything'll be cool.
You might get a fine or something, I'll take care of it, I promise.
But you guys will get in big trouble.
It's no big deal. We've been in a lot worse shit than this, Bubbles.
This was nothing.
What the... Ah fuck! Great! A heli-fucking-copter.
Oh, my god!
Bravo, tango one.
We have the suspects heading north on Highway 103, in a Bronco pulling an Airstream trailer.
Suspect is leaning out of the vehicle.
Get the fuck out of here! There's nothing to see here!
Leave us the fuck alone! We're just on vacation!
I'm calling the cops! You're flying way too fucking low, you assholes! fuck! This sucks right now.
This is going to be cool, boys. We're gonna get away with this.
Don't worry about it.
There's a helicopter behind us!
Bullshit! Just keep driving!
We'll lose it in the trees up here or something.
Is that a kitty on the road? There's a kitty on the road!
Boys, come on. She's gonna blow.
Son of a bitch!
Come on, Ricky.
Oh, fuck!
Vehicle has crashed. Repeat, vehicle has crashed.
Suspects are on foot.
I'm never getting in a vehicle with you again!
I'm not gonna run over a kitty to save your dope, Ricky!
Come one, boys. Let me think.
We gotta hide!
Boys, the cops!
Ricky, give me your gun.
I'm getting out of here.
The hasch is still in the trailer, we gotta get it!
Ricky... Ricky...
There's no hasch in the trailer.
What? You smoked all the hasch?
I sold it this morning.
Check it out, the evidence is on fire.
They can't do shit to us.
Ricky! Julian!
Help me! I'm all tangled up in this fucking wire!
Come on, guys, we gotta get outta here.
We're not leaving Bubbles.
Ricky, Julian!
Help me, I'm all tangled up in this fucking wire!
Come on, Bubbles, we gotta get outta here.
Help me up.
Freeze! Nobody move!
Alright, everybody calm down here.
Get this fucking chopper out of here and just calm down.
This guy is totally innocent. He's a farmer.
He came out to help us out of the wreck, he saved our lives.
And you guys are going to be sued if you arrest him, 'cause he's innocent.
That's right. That's right.
I can't see that well and I tripped into that wire.
I don't even know what's fucking going on here.
There's a helicopter over here, my cows are scared.
Everybody can get the fuck off my property!
Two suspects in custody. Headquarters has identified another vehicle approaching. Jim Lahey, trailer-park supervisor from the Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
The other man with no shirt is Randy.
Hey, boys. Good luck back in Con College! fuck you, Lahey!
Get this fucking helicopter out of here. Come on, guys.
Julian, you owe me $500 damage to the Airstream.
Not a problem, Lahey. a little bit 'cause we didn't do anything wrong.
There's no evidence. Nothing happened.
We're on a little vacation here. Had a bit of an accident.
Calm down. You guys don't got shit. You don't have jack shit.
There's no fucking evidence, nothing!
I want your badge numbers cause I'm suing you.
Everything's cool, Ricky.
If they think we're going to jail, they're fucking dreaming.
I'm suing your families, your grandparents and your fucking pets!
I need a cigarette here, for fuck's sakes!
There's the food that you like.
Your favorite type.
There you go.
Pretend like you know me.
I guess we're back in jail, and not real happy about it.
But you know, they nailed us on a few things, misdemeanors like drinking and driving, destruction of property, evading arrest, dangerous use of a fire arm.
Well, those are the ones we got nailed with anyway.
We got off on a few others, 'cause we pled guilty to those.
Ricky, tell em about your exam.
I got my Grade 10. I got 57, which is awesome.
It's the best mark I've ever gotten without cheating.
So I'm really happy. I can't believe it, still.
I never thought I was gonna get my Grade 10 ever in my whole life.
So... Now I can maybe even get my Grade 11, who knows?
I'm proud of him.
That's that.
Don't lose that key.
When we get out of here, we're gonna have a few extra dollars.
So I can handle this.
We're retired, buddy.
Two months.
Dope's not that bad either.
How are you guys doing? Look at this line of carts Four brand-new ones. This is one of the best days ever.
Just about to go pick up Ricky and Julian at jail.
Those guys never got out of jail with a bunch of money before, so this should be fun.
You guys should come with me. Just gonna dump these off.
Ha, check this out, Bubbles.
You see that fucking skid? fuck, Julian, I can't deal with this bullshit right now It's alright, man.
What time is it Bubbles?
It's 11:30. Ricky, you can't fucking light up in the bank I can do whatever the fuck I want. I'm rich as fuck now Thirty eight grand in unmarked bills. I don't give a fuck Ricky, calm down.
Julian, fuck all this bullshit. fuck this bank.
Let's just go spend it man. Let's go shopping. We need some gifts. Come on.
Ricky, we're gonna set up some GICs and some RRSPs man, that's an investment.
You got it? fuck investments, Julian.
We can go on vacation every year, man. Go on a cruise or something.
I don't give a fuck about a cruise.
I want to go spend the cash right now.
Ricky, that's what smart people do with their fucking money.
Invest it. Julian's handling all my finances.
Bubbles is right, man.
Listen, we just set up a few small businesses in the trailer park, man.
Why don't you let me control your money?
Control my money? fuck RSVPs, Julian.
What about Freedom 35? I thought we were fucking retired.
Oh oh.
Calm down.
I grew the fucking dope. It's my fucking money.
You can't scream "dope" out in the bank.
Dope, dope, doppedy fucking dope, dope Here's security. fuck! Perfect. fuck off.
Thanks, I can walk out on my own guys.
Give me my fucking cigarette back. fuck off, let go of me Everybody calm down. We're leaving.
Today's the day Ricky's getting out of jail and apparently he has a whole bunch of money saved up and I think he's probably going to try to move back in with Lucy or get with me again. Not this time.
We've got a surprise waiting for Ricky this time.
Holy fuck, that's good pepperoni.
There's gonna be some changes this time though Randy I feel much more secure. I feel much more able to dea I with those assholes.
Me too, Mr. Lahey.
What is it, Julian?
This is no big deal or anything, but I think you're gonna like this, buddy.
Ahhh! Oh my God, Julian. You didn't have to do that You deserve it buddy.
Thanks. I'm gonna go get all my shit and put it in there.
Come on, drive her into ya There's lots more where that came from.
Well, I mean, just look at this place. It's like a, a palace Bunk beds, TV, satellite dish, 416 channels.
Oh, he's fucking taking off. Anything I wanna watch, it's there. I just turn it on. Indoor plumbing, all hooked up Cell phone. I never had a phone before It's cordless.
Look at that.
All-new technology.
Keep her up there.
This is the nicest fucking shed I think there's ever been.
Howdy, Ricky. Back from con college so soon?
Look, guys, I don't want any trouble. I just got out of jail.
I'm a new man. I've got lots of money, so I don't want to start any bullshit.
What I do want is a brand-new, double-wide trailer.
Nicest one you've got.
That'll cost ya, Ricky.
Yeah, well, here's a thousand dollars down for hook-up fees and six months' lease up front Where the hell did you get that kind of money?
I've got lots of money, Lahey.
Oh, I get it. Never mind Lahey, I've got my own money, alright. I've got lots of it An endless supply. I want a double-wide trailer by five o'clock tomorrow or I' calling Barbara. Simple as that.
Ricky, I'm not hauling anything in this park unless I get 5,000 dollars down.
Believe me, I'd give you the money right now, but I don't trust either one of you fuckernauts.
Yeah, I don't trust you, shit-bat.
Collateral, Rick, or no trailer.
Fine, I'll give you some collateral.
Why don't you go around and tell everyone that I'll kiss your ass if I don't have the money by five o'clock tomorrow.
That's some fucking collateral, isn't it?
I've lived in this fucking car for four years. I wish I could say I'm gonna miss it, but I'm not. Living in a car kind of sucks.
Way too cramped when you're sleeping, cold at night No more living in a car for me. I'm getting my own fucking trailer, and I can't wait.
You'll kiss his bare ass?
That's what I said, dumb ass Ricky, that would mean you'd agree to play by Sunnyvale Trailer Park rules.
Are you willing to put that in writing?
Give me a fucking pen.
Get a lease agreement, Randy. Special clauses.
That's for the pen. And you know what?
I got out of jail and I try to start things off on the right foot.
And you wouldn't do that, would you?
So I'm gonna pay you a hundred dollars to fuck off.
Leave me alone, just give me my trailer and fuck off.
When's the last time you saw your father?
Six months ago or something?
She doesn't even remember the last time she saw her dad.
He wasn't around all last year. Not impressed by Ricky at all.
Julian's got a couple of money-making schemes he's got going on in the park. I think he's got Corey and Trevor selling ice cream out of ice-cream bikes.
All I want to do is open up a few semi Legit businesses to make money.
I put a lot of work into this and I mean, I don't want to go back to jail.
Trin, in the house now. Let's go. Come on.
Wipe that grin off your face. What is that?
A ghetto blaster Daddy got me.
What's the problem here?
We're just handing out a little bit of money, having some ice cream.
I bought Trin a stereo. Got a problem with that.?
You'll find out soon enough.
What's that supposed to mean What's going on, Rick? Good to see ya, m-Fucker, you know what I'm saying?, Gotta check this shit out, boy. Julian set Bubbles up hard you know what I'm saying? Brand-new shed, boys, satellite TV and shit. Julian's the man.
That's not too bad.
Julian's not the man. I got just as much money as him.
Check this out Bubbles, I got you something too, buddy. Get in, Bubbles.
How's it running, buddy?
Did you see the burnouts I was doing?
That was awesome.
Thanks, Ricky.
You're welcome.
See, Julian's not the only one with money.
I've never really had money before. I'm the first in my family to have money, so it feels pretty good.
I got my dad some pepperoni and booze and I bought some gifts for people.
That's the difference between me and Julian.
Julian's out there showing off and he's spending all his money on himself, buying these flashy cars and different things like that And I just don't get that. I'm not about that stuff at all.
The whole time I was in jail, I was thinking about this day.
And I got a big surprise for everybody in this park I'm getting a new trailer and a new car and I'm gonna burn this car right to the ground.
I'm starting a new life.
Well, Ricky's been living in the shit mobile for, I don't know how many years now.
Julian gave it to him when he had no place to go Ricky goes on about it, you know, how much he hates, the fucking thing, but he's lived in it so long I think he'd really miss It if he didn't have it., There's a lot of history. I've been living in this car and it's been a big part of my life.
But, you know, it's fucked me around quite a bit.
Sometimes it stalls on ya, and it doesn't work right.
You need to go somewhere and it's like, no you're not fucking going there right now cause I'm gonna fucking stall on ya. It pisses you off.
It was Julian's grandmother who owned it originally and she left it to Julian and that's probably how most of the damage got done 'cause she used to drive around here drunk all the time, smashing into poles and stuff.
You think Julian goes around with a drink a lot, you should've saw her.
Yeah, you know what's coming, don't ya?
You know what's gonna happen to you tonight.
You now, he's always kicking it and being mean to it, but he loves that old Yorker Purple.
Alright, everybody, it's time for the main event I'm buying a new trailer tomorrow and a new car, and I want to thank you all for coming down here to watch me burn this piece of shit to the ground, so let's get it started.
Hey Bubbles. Let's order some chicken pizza and play some video games on your new TV, man.
I got that new wrestling game, man.
Where you going Bubbles?
Chicken pizza and wrestling games.
I bought you a fucking go - cart, and I got donairs here Stay and chill with me.
Julian's my buddy too, you know.
I been hanging around with you, hanging around with him.
Well, I've got fireworks. At least stay and watch the fucking fireworks.
Come on.
Holy fuck. Julian, he's got fireworks.
Can we stay for those?
Whatever, man.
Alright, personal assistants Trevor and Corey, let's get the fireworks going, please, let's go.
Let's go guys. Move it. Move it, guys.
What the fuck?
I suggest you turn that camera off right now.
If I see my face on television or reproduced in any way, I will sue.
This is the guy right here in the track suit.
Who the fuck are you?
He's a fucking lawyer, Ricky I'm a fuck offer.
Richard, hi. I've heard so much about you What the hell is this?
Well, I guess you could call it a bill for being an asshole You better watch yourself, buddy.
Bubbles, give me a hand with this reading stuff please There's a lot of big words there.
Three years' child-support payments you owe, Ricky.
Child reports, what? Now you got suit dummies making up big fancy word papers about me being a bad father because I'm rich now?
This is bullshit, Lucy. I'm not a bad father, am I, Trinity?
Ricky, a good father doesn't go to jail every year, okay?
Some do.
I think you'll find those papers in order. See you in court.
You think you're so big with your little suit and your little college reading and stuff. Go fuck yourself.
Lucy, you better not be banging him.
Forget where you got that, buddy?
No I didn't, Julian. And I'm fucking burning it right now Let's go, Bubbles. I can't watch this shit, man Julian, we can't let him blow himself up.
You know he's gonna fucking blow himself up.
Corey, Trevor, what the fuck is going on with the fireworks Hurry up. Dad, get out of the fucking car, come on.
No fucking around here.
You know, Ricky, this car used to be your home, buddy.
Remember that? You used to love living in here.
Get the fuck out, I'm burning it.
No, man. Don't. I don't want you to burn it.
Just think before you act here, okay?
You used to love living here, remember that?
There's nothing wrong with living in a car.
I did it for nine years, the best of my life.
No shit.
If you don't want the car, Rick, give it back to Julian Give it to me, for Chrissakes. I'd love to have this car.
I see what this is all about. You know what, keep the fucking car.
I don't give a shit. I'm rich as fuck.
I would have bought you a brand-new one. Take it.
It's got nothing to do with money, Rick., Trevor, Corey, what the fuck you doing? I spent two grand on fireworks I wanna see some fucking fireworks. Come on.
Alright, everybody, fuck it.
We're gonna get drunk and eat donairs tonight.
And I plan on getting drunk as fuck tonight.
Drunk as fuck.
Drunk as fuck. Drunk as fuck. Drunk as fuck.
Come on, I gotta get you cleaned up cocksucker.
Look, you know we're going to make money doing this.
We're gonna make more than Corey and Trevor selling ice cream.
We need eighteen hundred.
Do you guys think you can draw enough customers?
No, we don't think we're gonna get any customers, that's why we want to start a business.
Listen, we're already doing everybody's hair anyway.
Now we're just going to make them pay for it.
So, Luce, can I ask you something?
Yeah, what?
What's up with this lawsuit thing?
Look, Ricky doesn't even understand what child support is, Julian.
He doesn't get the fucking concept.
I figured that a lawsuit would clear his head a little, make him a little bit more responsible.
The only way Ricky is gonna get any smarter is if he dies and comes back as a turnip He just keeps on getting stupider, Julian. fuck, Bubbles.
What's going on, cheddar? Know what I'm saying?, You're gonna hook the rock pile up with them track suits today right, motherfucker?
You guys get my ride lined up? fucking right, boy.
All taken care of, man.
1968 Chev convertible.
Off the hook, motherfucker Right on. I'm gonna hook with you guys in a bit, alright?
Word. Slap me a ten, pimp?
Just a second, buddy.
Ricky, Jesus, you might want to close the door.
Hey, stop fucking filming me in here.
What the fuck are you filming him peeing for Turn off the fucking camera. fuck off.
Ice cream!
Ice cream!
Yo, Ricky.
Eleven grand, huh? Looks pretty good, pretty tight.
High performance. Well, I go all kinds of money. Let's make -
Daddy, daddy! I want some ice cream.
I'll get you some in one second.
What are you guys doing? I told you to stay off those bikes.
Trinity, I don't want you to see what your daddy's about to do, so why don't you head down to my shed.
I got a brand-new kitty. Tickle his belly.
That's what you guys deserve for that.
What did you do, Ricky? Huh?
Boys, get up and fix these bikes and get back to work They work for me now, Julian Those bikes cost me twelve-hundred bucks, man.
Cough up some money for the damages.
You want some money for damages? Not a problem I've got twelve-hundred bucks right here, idiot.
What's gotten into you, man?
Now that I own those bikes, I guess I can do whatever I want to them, can't I?
Tripped them up with a hockey stick, no big deal.
Fired a few shots at them. Way I see it, I bought the bikes, I own them. Just like owning a target. You shoot at that.
I shot at the bikes. Then Julian's got this attitude.
And fires a bullet at my brand new car. Real nice.
So I fired a shot at his new car.
Spy for a spy. That's the way it works around here.
What the fuck are you guys doing?
Money is turning you guys into idiots.
Now hand over the guns before somebody gets hurt.
Ricky, give me the gun. You're being an arsehole.
Somebody's gonna get hurt.
Yeah, Ricky.
You started it, Julian.
Speaking of arseholes, now look what you did.
Aw fuck!
Alright, everybody. Clear the area.
Hand over the weapons, Bubbles.
Go fuck yourself, Lahey.
Let's go, Randy, back in the car.
You heard Lahey, everybody move out.
Everything is cool here, Jim.
Everything is not cool here, Julian.
You boys are fucking up big time. You better get Ricky under control or I'm calling In the Parole Board. Ricky, I'm gathering evidence on you and I'm gonna have you removed from this park one way or the other.
The old shit clock is ticking.
What's wrong? Are you alright?
Well, I don't want to end up drunk and stupid like you, that's what's wrong.
What's that supposed to mean, sweetie?
Come on, Dad. You're not that stupid.
Oh, I think somebody's been talking to Trinity and they've misleaded her around and basically they said that I'm drunk and stupid all the time, , which isn't the case. Once in a while I'll get drunk something comes out of my mouth that may not be the smartest thing in the world.
She shouldn't be worried about growing up to be drunk and stupid like me. That's not gonna happen.
She's already smarter than me and, you know, she's only about nine years old.
You better have my trailer ready in two fucking hours, Lahey.
And you better have the money, Ricky, or prepare to pucker up and kiss my ass.
Hey, Bubs, can I borrow your cell phone please?
Put this up, Ricky.
How's it going? I need the best set of encyclopedias you got.
Ricky. And it's going to Lot 423 in Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
And I want them here in 15 minutes, I'll pay cash If they're not here in 15 minutes, I'll buy em from somebody else You calm the fuck down, alright?
I just want them here immediately.
Thank you.
On my fucking dinner.
Lucy, Sarah. My dreams are about to come true in five minutes.
Bring Trinity down to Lot 423 to see my new double-wide trailer and I'll have a gift for Trinity.
Can't wait to see your trailer, motherfucker That shit is gonna be dope Me either. Where the fuck is my new trailer, Lahey? fucking Randy. What's going on here?
All you have to do is say the word, and I can have your trailer down here in two minutes.
I'm saying the word right the fuck now.
Where's the five grand, Ricky?
It's right here, shitler Daddy.
Hey Trin, how's it going?
Hello? Hi, excuse me. I'm looking for a Ricky.
I have his encyclopedias.
Trinity, come with me.
Daddy bought you some encyclopedias so you can get smarter.
You won't be stupid like Daddy when you get older.
So, what's the damage?
Well, with tax it is $4,728.33 and that is the cash price What? For a bunch of fucking books?
Well, if you don't have it, that's fine. But...
No, no, no. Shh. No, no. I've got lots of money, I've got the money right here. What are they, fucking printed in gold or something? Jesus Christ Is that all the money you've got Ricky?
Well, I thought I had more than this.
I can sell some stuff, Lahey. I'll have your money tomorrow.
I've got to do one thing at a time.
Well, well, well. What's it gonna be, Rick?
You gonna buy the trailer or are you gonna kiss my bare ass right now in front of all these good people?
Oh my God, he's gonna do it, dude.
Holy shit, it's ass-kissing time.
Lucy, let's get Trinity out of here, right now.
Ricky, you did the right thing.
Let's fucking get this over with, Lahey.
Be my pleasure, Ricky.
Jesus Christ.
Pucker up, boy.
Make it a quick one, Ricky.
Bite me, Randy.
That's enough.
I can't believe you did that.
Damn that's sick, dude.
Can't believe he did that. That's friggin' gross.
Well, I guess I won that one, Ricky.
Hope you enjoyed that, Lahey.
Leave him alone.
Nobody really knows Ricky the way I do, and I just hope he's alright after putting his lips on Mr. Lahey's bum.
All clear, Rick.
Hey, boys, I'm sorry you had to fucking witness that.
It's alright, Ricky.
You knew I'd fuck up and lose everything, didn't you, Dad?
Even the old man knows you better than you know yourself sometimes, man.
The TV does work, Ricky.
You just gotta jiggle the fucking cord.
You giving that to me, buddy Well yeah, I mean, I'd give you back any of that stuff you bought me, if you need it. I could sell that go-cart.
Don't worry about it Bubs. I appreciate this. Thanks.
I'm better off without fucking money.
Any chance I can get a piece of that pepperoni, Dad?
That's all I got for the rest of the night, man Just a little bite?
It's all I got.
Hey Rick, you've gotta promise me you're not gonna do anything else stupid, alright?
I promise you. I mean, what the fuck else could I do?
What you did was...
Not a lot of people would do that for their daughter You know what that makes you A fucking good dad.
Take her back.
Ricky, you're gonna be sleeping on a fucking angle there.
You don't want that.
[Littlest Hobo theme music Every stop I make, I make a new friend.
Hi, Daddy.
Hey, Trin.
What are you doing out so late Hey, Rick.
How's it going?
It's going well. Uh, I've been thinking.
I think the important thing is for you to spend time with Trinity.
So, the lawsuit's gone.
Thanks Lucy. I appreciate that, I lost everything.
Sorry. I'd give you the money if I had it.
You didn't lose Trinity. So...
I love you.
I love you too.
Come on, get in there. Get in little kitty, go on Jiggle it some or something.
Get in. Eat the fish. Flashlight Randy! Got em.
Bring em up.
Pull up Randy.
What's going on?
He's down there.
What's all the noise about? I'm trying to sleep.
Ricky, Sergeant Meowenstein fell down the well 'cause these two arseholes had the lid off all weekend.
Oh, the weekend? Oh Randy, isn't that your job, aren't you the weekend trailer park supervisor?
Come on.
Don't lose em.
Here he is, here he is.
Don't lose em.
We got em.
Oh, thank you. Oh my God Barb, I want to file a complaint against those two drunk bastards right there.
They let Sargeant Meowenstein fall down that well and it was almost the end of him.
This place is going to shit again.
You haven't started the recycling program.
The park is a complete mess.
Frig off Barb.
Frig off?
Yeah, frig off, chill out, back off, mind your own business.
Excuse me, excuse me, Randy. But if you don't watch it, you're gonna find yourself suspended.
Stand down Randy.
She can't, she can't suspend me.
Right, you're suspended. Three weeks.
Find yourself a temporary replacement and if your attitude hasn't improved after three weeks, it'll be permanent, Jim.
Who's going to replace me, Mr. Lahey?
Don't fucking interrupt my sleep again.
Yeah, Randy was suspended.
He started to imbibe my feelings of resentment for Barbara, and it just got away from him.
He went one step to far and she stomped him.
Hey Julian, buddy ole pal. How's it going?
No fucking way Ricky., Come on man, I just need three grand to buy a pound of weed get back on my feet. You got all kinds of money left.
Ricky, I've got ten grand left andI already got plans for it. Sorry man.
What about you Bubbles? You got any secret money around I can borrow?, I'd loan you money Ricky but fuck I got thirty eight cats to look after in this park Do you know how expensive cat food is getting?, The little tins now are as much as the big tins used to be and the treats are fucking through the roof And all the cats get two treats a week.
Calm down, I know what it's like.
I can't even afford fucking school supplies for Trinity. Thanks Julian.
Why don't you just come work for me man, I got something cooking up, - Well these mo-fuckers that Iknow from Russia right through this adult film that I made,"From Russia with the Love Bone" contacted me, right, saying they got some vodka and shit.
And they needed ten thousand bucks.
I ain't got that kind of money, I'm trying to save up money for a video for my new joint it's called "Microphone Assassin", It's going to be dope.
The shit's tight. shit, yeah.
Anyway, the only mo-fucker in the trailer park I know who's got ten thousand bucks is Julian.
I got something lined up, man. It's a big job.
If you want in, just shut up andI'll tell you what to do, alright?
Shut up? Don't fucking talk to me like I'm Trevor and Corey, Julian., I thought we were friends. If you were my best friend you'd loan me three grand to buy a pound of weed.
Listen, you lost your money in two days.
That's not my fault, alright If you want in, just say so. If not, the hell with ya.
Why don't you go talk to Lahey? He's hiring.
Don't make fun of that job, boys.
I applied for that fucking job. It's a good paying job.
No, seriously, fuck off and stop fucking following me so much.
You're following me way too much now.
Hey guys, how are you doing? shit. Ricky, what are you doing here? Come on man, we don't have time for you today. Let's go, let's get out of here.
Calm down. I'm just here to apply for your job, alright Apply, applying for my job There's no way you could do my job, Ricky. Come on, let's go.
I'm just as qualified for this job as anyone else in this park.
Randy, Randy. Cool it.
Ricky, if you were serious about applying for this job, you'd be here tomorrow morning at eight o'clock for aptitude tests.
Sure. What's an aptitude test?
Suitability test, Ricky.
Well, I'll wear a suit if I have to, I don't care I'll be here. Thanks Lahey Ricky!
Enjoy your suspension Randy.
Mr. Lahey, you've got to be kidding me.
There's no way, please, I mean, Ricky can't do my job.
Au contraire Randy. This could be fun.
That's ten thousand dollars in twenties and fifties.
Trailer park supervision is not easy.
Most people who try to succeed in this industry do not make the grade.
You will be tested mentally, physically and psychologically Questions?
I have a question. What the fuck is this shit Write out directions for the fastest way to get to the liquor store How to get burma stains out of Kah-hay-ki pants?
It's khaki, it's a colour.
Whatever, this is fucked, Lahey.
Why don't you go home Rick Why don't you fuck off. You need some hypo-suction Pens at the ready and go This is stupid.
I expect respect, I respect diligence, and I expect courtesy, and uh, Ricky doesn't have any of those.
Two, one. Bags up boys. Weigh in time.
Oh, I didn't know the muffler counted.
That's not garbage, that's a recyclable.
Bubbles. Got it.
Jacob. Got it.
How did I do Mr. Lahey? Did I win?
Let's just say you're not going to make it, Trevor.
Ricky, somehow you won this event.
But don't let it go to your head. Okay, boys!
A twenty-pound muffler in there.
Next stop is two cycle engines. This mower has been disabled Each applicant will have five minutes to find the problem and fix it.
Hey J Rock. Sixty, sixty-five proof. Good job boys.
This is the shit, boy, you know what I'm saying?
Straight up Russian connection in the house.
Time's up Trevor. Sorry, you've have been eliminated.
Eliminated. Corey.
I don't want this stupid job anyway.
Then why did you apply Trevor?
Okay, Corey. And go.
Hey, wait up dude.
Go fuck yourself Mr. Lahey Like I said boys, some just don't make the grade.
Why is your crew fucking around getting drunk?
T man, what's going on, mother fucker?
Man, I had to test it out man.
I left you in charge to do some shit, unload boxes - Guys unload the van. Listen J Rock, Lahey doesn't know shit about this right now, but if he does, he's going to call the cops and it's gonna be your ass, not mine.
And you're going to owe me ten grand.
Okay, Ricky, shut her down Well, I didn't expect that but, okay.
Ricky, you had the best time, but the idle is a bit off so I'm making a five point deduction. fuck off Lahey, the thing is working perfectly.
Bubbles, you came in second and Jacob...
Sorry bud, but you didn't make it.
Right, so, uh, how are the interviews going?
Randy, what the hell are you doing here?
You're suspended. Leave.
See you Randy.
Right, so who are you hiring I'm just tallying up the scores now Barb.
This can't be right.
Right. Congratulations Richard, you are the new temporary relief assistant trailer park supervisor.
Thanks Barb. fuck! Aw, it's my eyes holding me back.
When I was a little guy, I always thought maybe, I could be a space man or something when Igrew upt and go to space in a rocke but you got to be able to see really fucking good to do that job, and so they'd take one look at me and say "Uh, sorry sir you got to be able to see a little better than you".
I don't give a fuck.
I'm sorry buddy.
It's alright. Congratulations Ricky.
Thanks Bubs.
You'll do a good job probably. cocksucker!
Right. Richard, can you start tomorrow morning, eight a.m.
Sure can. This is awesome.
Jim, make the arrangements. Get him a uniform.
Barb, don't do this to me.
This is Ricky. Please don't.
Shake his hand.
And this time, don't let your personal feelings interfere with your job.
Obviously I can't assume Randy's position, you know what I'm talking about there, but looking forward to working with you and cleaning this fucking park up cause it looks like shit right now.
Think you can handle it Ricky?
See you at eight o'clock tomorrow morning.
I'll be here at seven thirty Thanks again Barbara.
Oh, you're welcome Jim.
Holy fuck. fuck off Lahey. What fucking time is it, you dick?
It's 8:01, Rick.
Our work day begins at eight o'clock.
Rule number one. Rule number two, I am the boss.
Rule number three, you get three strikes and then I can legally terminate you, do you understand?
Yes, I fucking understand.
Good. Rule number four, all temporary relief assistant trailer park supervisors will wear uniforms.
I'm not wearing a fucking uniform.
Oh yes you will.
You've already used up one strike.
Two more strikes and you're out.
I can't believe that he would want the job first of all.
You got one minute Rick. Tempus fugit.
Can't you see I'm in the middle of something What the fuck does tempus fuckit mean?
Ignorance is bliss, Rick, when it is folly to be wise. fuck off.
Thank you.
I don't like this whole idea, but unfortunately I have to accept it until you fuck up two more times Well, I don't plan on getting fired Mr. Lahey I just plan on doing my job and doing it good.
Strike two Ricky.
Smoking is only permitted on breaks.
You got fifteen minutes to clean up this garbage.
And Ricky?
Don't forget the dog shit.
I'm not cleaning up dog shit You clean up strike three Ricky?
Fine, fuck.
Fifteen minutes.
Screwdriver, cut and blow dry and I get a free forty of vodka?
Who thought up that deal It's a need to know basis Randy.
Julian's boot-legging in the park again, isn't he?
I didn't say that.
Why are you so stressed out? What's your problem?
Ah, I should just get drunk, since I've been suspended.
Barbara. bitch.
All done, boss.
Impressive Ricky. I'm surprised.
Can I have a cigarette now Mr. Lahey?
Oh, I don't think so.
There's a rope and a hook in the trunk.
I want you to meet me down by the lake.
Yes, Mr. Lahey.
Boys here, I'm going to set you guys up with three bottles of vodka each.
As soon as you're finished selling these, I want you to go through J Rock from now on.
I have nothing to do with this. I'm keeping low key.
Nothing to do with this operation whatsoever.
Here's your float, and here's the calculator., You guys make sure you use this, because if you come back short you're going to be responsible. Do you understand me?
I'm not stupid Julian.
Yes, you are stupid.
That's why I have to tell you this. Since you were responsible for throwing most of the ten speeds stripped down in this lake, I think it's only right and fitting Ricky, that you should drag the lake.
I haven't stolen a ten speed in over two years, Mr. Lahey The only people stealing ten speeds now is Corey and Trevor What the hell are you doing there Bubbles?
What are you doing in the lake, Bubbles?
What's it look like I'm doing in the lake?
I'm hauling shopping carts out, trying to make a living cause I didn't qualify for your stupid temporary relief assistant trailer park supervisor job.
Sorry Bubbles.
Rick, drag the lake.
If I find any carts Bubbles, I'll give em to you, alright buddy?
Unhook the flukes.
I would assume you would Good undercarriage there.
I can't believe how many bikes are in this fucking lake.
That's the first bike I stole for Trinity right there.
There's a lot of memories in this lake.
I think I'm going to leave this one in there for her, maybe when she's older I can take it out and show her again.
Ricky! Ricky!
Ricky, it looks like we got a major crime alert here.
It's a ten thirty five, bootlegging.
I want you to handle the arrest. Can you do it?
What the fuck are you doing?
What's the fuck's going on here guys?
It's not what it looks like man. Dave just owed us some money, we happened to drop off some booze for him.
Really, where are you getting the booze?
Nowhere man. That shit's ours, we do that on our own.
Knock knock.
Who's there?
Two stupid idiots not smart enough to be doing this on their own. Who do you work for?
Nobody dude, we're free enterprise, man, I told you.
It's just me and him.
Really, okay. No problem guys.
What are you doing?
Work for anybody now?
I don't know what's up with Ricky and this new weekend trailer park supervisor job.
I'm a busy guy and all he's doing is complicating things and I've got this ten grand investing into these businesses and he's cruising around acting like Mr. Lahey and, I don't know, I think he's just doing it to piss me off.
Go Corey, get the fuck out of here. I'm keeping this.
Ricky, what the hell's going on? Why are you letting them go?
Why bother with a couple of shit sticks when you can have the whole shit trowel there?
Nice shit analogy Rick. I got another job for you.
I want you to find Bubbles, pull him over and fine him I can't do that to Bubbles.
Take the car.
You got a problem with that Rick?
License, registration and insurance Bubbles, let's go.
Do you have any of that shit? Do you have permits for this Your fucking cart is going all over the road. It's dangerous.
It's a dangerous load. Lahey's freaking out.
Ricky, you gave me this cart I didn't give you that fucking trailer to be hauling carts around like that!
It's dangerous. You're going to hurt somebody.e Oh yeah, the trailer was fin when I was hauling you off the street drunk though, taking you home and looking after you.
I gotta give you this written warning Bubbles.
Ricky, that's! Oh my God.
I'm sorry.
Ricky. It's time to test your loyalty Ricky.
There's something going on up there.
I don't know what it is, but I want you to find out. Ricky.
What do you think is going on, Mr. Lahey?
Ricky, do you know what this is?
It's a walkie.
Yeah, it's a symbol Rick It's a symbol of your authority in this park.
It's Randy's. I want you to be careful of it I want you to stay in contact with me, and get in touch with me in case I need to call the cops, you got that?
I think they're bootlegging up there Ricky.
If they are, I got em. Ricky.. don't forget. Your on my side now.
Hey Rick.
Knock knock, Julian.
Who's there Ricky?
A bootlegger. A bootlegger in this park.
And I hope it's not you Julian because that would be me in an awkwardly situation, wouldn't it?
What do you mean, putting you in an awkward situation Rick I work for Lahey now, okay And I just hope it's you that's not involved, that's all I'm saying.
Well I am involved, Ricky.
It's me doing it, you bonehead.
Mr. Lahey.
Randy, do you mind? I'm on surveillance.
I was just at the salon. I've got something really important to tell you.
Walkie check.
Yeah, I copy that. Do you need assistance, over Negative, just a check.
Who's walkie is Ricky using?
He's using the old one I found in the shed.
That one crackles. He's using my walkie.
The one you gave me for my birthday.
Do you remember that? My birthday.
Randy, it's just a walkie.
It's more than just a walkie, Mr. Lahey.
You're losing it buddy.
Why? Because I'm not selling fucking dope and stuff. So sorry.
I'm not losing it, am I Bubbles?
Well Ricky, I don't know. You're dressed up like Mr. Lahey.
I've never seen anything like that.
He made me wear the uniform. It's not my fucking fault.
I don't know Ricky. It's weird.
Questioning is over. I'm returning to base.
And requesting permission to smoke Mr. Lahey.
Smoke break buddy.
Copy that.
Careful with my walkie Rick.
This is my walkie now Randy. You got suspended remember So fuck off.
It's still my walkie.
No, I guess you didn't hear what I said.
The first thing I said was it's my walkie now, the second thing was you're suspended, and the fourth thing was fuck off.
Alright, Julian is not involved.
He said Corey and Trevor are probably the ones bootlegging.
Holy fuck, I'm itchy. I feel like I got a bumblebee bite or something.
Ricky. You've been exposed to poison ivy.
What, am I gonna die or something?
No, you're not going to die.
What are you doing?
You gotta get this shirt off.
I'm not selling vodka in this trailer park.
You got it?
That's not what I heard.
Holy fuck boys, come here. Look at this.
Lahey's taking Ricky's shirt off. Look.
Julian, what's happening here?
That's, that's pretty fucking crazy.
You alright Randy?
This is just a precaution in case the cops come.
Why would the cops come Julian? Ricky wouldn't do that to us, would he?
I don't know man. He's working for Lahey, he's acting like a dick.
He's got no shirt on man.
Mr. Lahey! Mr. Lahey!
Julian's got shitloads of vodk a and he's bootlegging.
He's in charge of the whole thing.
Bullshit! Get out of here Randy.
You've been fucking replaced remember. fucking asshole.
Is Julian involved in bootlegging in this park? Trust Ricky.
Randy is an idiot. I told you, Julian has nothing to do with it.
Trevor and Corey mentioned something about vodka earlier, but that's it.
Listen, he's totally frigging lying Mr. Lahey.
He's full of crap.
George Green. Jim Lahey.
Julian! Hi there.
Julian, man, just so you know, I didn't have a fucking thing to do with this.
Randy fucking talked to Lahey and Lahey called the cops. I'm sorry man.
Don't worry about it Rick. I didn't do anything wrong man That's right.
When did you get the pool?
It's nice man, really nice Jim, you bring me out here Do you think you could have a little something for me next time instead of this shirtless circus that's going on?
Why don't you get a video camera or something? Do it right.
George, he poured it all down the drain. He was tipped off Please!
Strike three Ricky, it is my duty and pleasure to inform you that you are fired.
Give me your walkie.
I'm not fired, I fucking quit. You want your walkie back?
No problem. Here Randy. Why don't you go fucking get it.
You just crossed the line Ricky.
Randy! Cool it, Randy. Stop it.
Jeez get our of there.
What in the fuck!
Ten grand Ricky. Gone. Thanks man.
That sucks. You didn't include me in the plan for once, and things went to shit. Now we gotta start breaking the law like crazy.
Ricky, Ricky.
I got no problem with that Just stop talking for a minute Ricky, alright?
Boys, come sit down here for a minute., You guys go to jail frequently so here's what I've been thinking.
If you went to Ray's fridge and took his pepperoni, he'd be fucking losing it, right?
And he'd come after you, "Ricky, where's my pepperoni?"
But if you go in there sometimes and take a bite out of it, you'd still get to eat pepperoni but Ray's not coming after you That's what you guys gotta do with crime.s Stop doing big fucking crime that cops are doing to notice right away.
Just do little ones, you know. All kinds of little ones.
Steal barbeques. Siphon gas.
You're still going to make a whole bunch of money.
Diversification, low end crimes.
Bingo. Know what I mean Ricky?
Yeah, I understand, I think.
But maybe you should just explain it to me one more time Alright, there's a fridge that's full of pepperoni that you don't own.
Daddy, wake up! Wake up, daddy, wake up! Wake up.
Oh, hey. What's going on, sweetie?
It's time to put my patch on. Hurry up daddy.
Trinity has got to quit smoking.
I can't have her smoking anymore, it's ridiculous.
She was on cigarettes last year, and they put her on the little, little patch she used to wear And I thought she was off the cigarettes.
Now apparently she's back on the cigarettes, and she's on them hard too.
She had the idea we quit together, A good father/daughter thing.
So we're gonna quit, go on the patch.
I only got one patch left, so I to give you half.
You took the last patch?!
Well, I just needed it last night. Here.
I'll give you half of it.
I want a cigarette.
I want one too, but we can't.
We promised we're gonna quit smoking together. Remember?
We can do this, can't we?
We can do it.
Let's go to the store and get some more patches.
You want to start the car up?
It's the gas injectors, daddy.
No, it's probably out of gas, honey.
I have to steal gas cause I'm broke.
Gas is a fortune now with all this government bullshit taxes and stuff.
It pisses me off, cause provinces like texas and calgary, it's not so bad.
It should be the same everywhere.
But the government is friggin screwed up that way.
Drives me nuts.
Ricky, what are you doing? Do you want to go back to jail?
Borrowing a little bit of gas.
You can't go back to jail for that.
Is that true, julian?
Yeah, you can't go back to jail for stealing gas.
Supreme. Can't believe lahey burns supreme.
Jail is fun, and the food and stuff is really good there, But you know, I guess it's more fun outside of jail When you can still do crazy things and get better dope And get drunk and stuff like that, So it's not that we don't like jail, But we just don't really want to go back to jail anytime soon So we decided talking to people in jail that the best thing we can do Is still break the law but do it on a lower-type-scale kind of thing.
You guys are probably wondering why we called this meeting.
We want you to shut the fuck up and listen to julian.
Alright, guys, I'm never, ever going back to jail again, okay.
I've got a plan to make money.
I think it's perfect. We're gonna do low-risk crimes And open up some small semi-legit businesses.
You gotta do two things.
Instead of breaking the law big time for a big payday, You gotta break the law a lot but little tiny crimes And then you still make as much money and the cops won't mess with you.
And you need to set goals is the second thing, Where you want everybody to want do something. So what we're thinking, Or what julian is thinking, I don't mean to take credit for it, He wants us to go on a cruise.
Break the law, work towards that.
So you don't get people ratting you out And got something to look forward to.
When you're breaking the law, you know it's for something.
If you guys work for me, you'll get employee benefits.
You'll get paid like any other job, Except there's gonna be a higher vacation-pay deduction.
He's taking off 60% of everything, it goes into this fund, and we get on a big boat and go party.
It's gonna be wicked.
You mean one of those big cocksuckers out on the ocean?
Yeah. Awesome food, there's booze, There's ladies, I'm talking dope.
Ladies. Video games.
All inclusive.
Probably got video games, yeah, everything.
Oh boys, I hope you're not teasing me right now.
That would be cruel. Cause I wanted to go on a trip Since I don't know when. I couldn't ever afford it.
Guys, if we all work together on this, we can make this happen.
What's the first thing we need to do, julian? Sign me up.
We're gonna open up a little gas station here in the trailer park.
Ha! Let's do it.
I'd do anything to go on a cruise, julian.
There's no way this can get fucked up.
It's gonna be just like a real gas station we're running at ricky's.
Julian's making me the gas-distribution manager, Which is the most important job there is. I can't let the boys down, I gotta work my ass off so that we can do the, uh, go on the cruise.
I've never been on a fucking cruise before.
You gas this up yesterday?
Yeah, I put fifty bucks in her.
The gas gauge reads empty.
What kind of idiots would steal gas from the trailer-park supervisor And think they could get away with it, randy?
Unleaded, blue container. Supreme, red container.
Diesel in the green. Okay, are we clear here, guys?
Yeah, but how can you tell which is the supreme?
What are you stupid? You fucking taste it.
Unleaded tastes a little tangy, Supreme is kind of sour and diesel tastes pretty good.
Will you please... For godsake's, stop it.
Man, can you do something about your daughter?
Just let her hit you, corey. Stand down and listen to me.
Stop it! Stop it!
Hey, hey. Corey.
You gonna fight my daughter who's nine years old?
You're probably going to get hurt, okay.
Stand down and listen to me. Boys, don't fuck this up.
I am your boss. You do what I say when I say it, Or I'll report you to julian And you won't be going on this cruise, okay?
Come on, that's ridiculous, dude.
Corey, shut up and leave my daughter alone, and listen.
Go to the store, get julian some rum and go siphon some gas.
I gotta take trinity to get patches.
Sure, man.
Can we take bubbles?
You bet we can.
We'll take the money from the gas station and launder it here, So you don't have any onsite.
Cool. That's a great idea.
Yeah, I know.
We'll have coupons from the salon so that you know who's cool.
Different-coloured coupons for a different amount.
If somebody gets a perm coupon, It's like twenty or forty bucks' worth of gas.
Great idea, lucy. And we'll take twenty percent.
Twenty percent. Come on, girls. Fifteen percent.
I'm not gonna go any higher.
No, julian. I said twenty.
Alright, if we're gonna do this coupon thing, twenty percent. That's fine.
Okay. Lucy and I will sell coupons all over the park.
Hi, mr. Lahey.
We're about to sail into a shit typhoon, randy, So we better haul in the jib before it gets covered with shit.
What are you doing here, mr. Lahey?
Video evidence, randy. Because video evidence doesn't lie.
In a court of law, Video evidence is tantramar to the truth.
Hi jacob.
Oh hey, trin.
How's it going? I need a box of nicotine patches.
Whoa! What are you doing? Don't shoot me.
I went in to buy some patches and all of a sudden, My gun was out, which is no big deal, and he freaks out, thought we were robbing the place.
Oh no, no, it's alright. We're not robbing you Or anything like that. Oh, trinity!
Everything is cool. Get the fuck back up here, jacob.
Everything is fucking cool here.
Trinity, how many times does daddy have to tell you, You can't play with his handguns.
You shouldn't leave it laying around.
It's okay, sweetie.
We're on video camera.
So since it was on video camera, I decided, we take a bit of shit.
For the legal record, we were not robbing the store.
It looks like we robbed the place. Go grab some groceries, bubbles.
We're not taking anything, ricky.
It's not robbing. Instead of suing, we're gonna take a bit of shit.
I want a copy of the videotapes.
If the cops saw this shit, I'd go to jail for ten years.
If you're gonna go to jail for robbing the place you may as-- (dog barking) will you shut the fuck up, dog?
If it looks you robbed a place, you take some shit.
I'm not gonna jail for robbing a place.
So we took a bit of stuff.
Are you alright, ricky?
You said you're not supposed to smoke with the patch on.
Daddy's bigger than you so he can.
I'm having a couple cause they were free.
Ricky! Where did you get this stuff?
Don't tell me you stole it.
I didn't steal it.
They did steal it.
Oh no, julian, uh, going into a store, firing a gun off, and leaving without paying for everything, that's not stealing.
Yes, it is stealing.
Trinity accidentally fired my gun off, It looked we robbed the place, so we took a bit of stuff.
Of course, it's not a big deal.
Ricky got the surveillance tape.
He's got everything under control.
Nothing to worry about.
You've got to stop fucking around, okay, please!
You keep pulling stunts like this, We're gonna be back in jail so fast ricky.
We're not going back to jail.
Julian! We got our first customer, boys.
How's it going?
We got a perm coat coupon, that's 20 regular.
And a cut and blow. We're gonna need a safety inspection, bubbles.
Safety inspection!
Get the fuck out of my way!
Sorry about this.
Julian, he's got a cigarette lit and I'm covered in flammable liquids.
Put that out! Put it out, ricky!
Put it out!
Oh my god.
Daddy, I want a smoke!
You can't smoke with the patch on.
Give me that cigarette.
You have a patch on and you're smoking it.
I'm way bigger than you. Trinity, don't lit that cigarette.
Why not?
Julian, hold this for a second. Give me that cigarette.
How come ricky's in charge of the gas?
I'm serious, I need that cigarette.
Mummy's gonna be mad. You know what mummy will say.
Well, mummy will say, mummy will get mad at you Because you're smoking with the patch on.
Trinity, give daddy the cigarette, please.
Drop your cigarette.
Step on it.
Give me the cigarette.
It's diesel, man.
Man, I'm feeling sick, dude.
Maybe we should stop doing this.
Yeah man, but the cruise. We gotta do the cruise.
Yeah, I guess it's not that bad.
Oh, shit, security dude.
Oh, fuck man.
What the fuck are you doing?
Oh! Oh! fuck you.
We're drawing too much attention.
We gotta shut it down for a while.
It's ricky's fault.
Listen, man, we're drawing too much attention.
Lahey could come around. J rock, tyrone, We're shutting down for a while. Move these cars out.
People are yelling at me...
Change tires and-- I paid for it!
That's a fucking good muffler. I'm keeping that fucking thing.
Get the fuck going, come on.
I bet you this coupon doesn't get you a perm.
It says perm right on it there, mr. Lahey.
Randy, there's a distinct possibility That ricky and julian are operating a prostitution ring.
Is this rolling?
See the camera?
Can't see a thing.
Let's move.
I was thinking of more height in here.
What the hell do you want, lahey?
Well, we'll have whatever these coupons will get us.
Alright, have a seat.
Thank you.
Have you ever had one of these before?
Hey, what are you doing?
Undoing my pants, they're a little tight.
You can do them back up.
Jesus, randy.
Look, there's a lot of traffic in ricky's lot.
Ergo, they're doing something illegal.
We're gonna get them on videotape, and when we have enough evidence, We're gonna call in 9-1-1, Law enforcement, the cops, the boys in blue.
We'll have it all on tape, randy.
Right, come ahead. Alright, J rock, I'm opening up again, okay.
I want to keep everything low-key, I don't want to see a traffic jam here, alright?
Let's get this pump going. Got your coupon?
Yup, right here.
Twenty bucks, perfect.
What are you doing?
Pumping your fucking gas, what does it look like?
With a cigarette in your mouth? You're gonna kill somebody, man.
Give me a level, randy.
Check one, Check two, test one, test two.
That'll do.
We've got them on multiple angles, so they're fucked.
Rundown, randy, let's go.
Pull into the zone, contact the target.
Procure stolen merchandise.
Ensure we capture the exchange on tape, Then fall back to the designated safety area.
I'll be in the woods.
The sale goes down, I'll call in the heavies.
Are we clear?
Clear, mr. Lahey!
Hey julian, we just saw lahey and randy snooping around.
They've got a video camera hooked up to their car.
Holy shit.
What are you doing with this?
You have her working here?
She's not working here.
You've got my daughter working at an illegal gas station.
She's my daughter too and she's not working.
Let's get her out of here. You better not fuck this up.
That's my squeegee.
Julian, do you think that's true?
Lahey's gonna have us on videotape selling illegal gas.
Ricky, ricky, get over here. Get over here. Alright, boys.
Everybody stay calm. There's no money onsite here, okay?
We can shut this business down at any time.
Lahey doesn't have shit on us.
Well apparently lahey's got all these cameras.
He's got some in his car and he's got handheld video. He's gonna catch us on tape.
So, julian's got this great idea, we throw it right back in his face.
Boys! Where in the hell were you guys?
We're sick, julian. We've been drinking fucking gas.
We've just gotta sit down for a minute.
What the fuck took so long?
Come on, dude.
Here's your shit, man.
Oh, fucking nice one, corey. You smashed the rum.
I'm sorry, dude.
You're gonna have to get him more.
I'm all fucked up, man. Drinking this shit. I think I'm dying.
You've got a customer, julian.
J rock, take care of this customer.
You guys just got gas sickness.
Drink some water and dilute it, man.
You'll be fine in six to eight days.
Ricky, you can't smoke with the patch on. You're gonna get dizzy.
I'm fine. Oh fuck, here comes fucking randy and his stupid fucking cameras.
What are we gonna do?
Stay calm and do what we rehearsed, alright?
Hey boys. What's going on?
Hey randy.
Everything's cool. I know what's going on here.
I just want some cheap stuff, just like everybody else.
Randy, you better go on with your perm coupon, Gut cassidy and the sundance cheeseburger.
What are you looking at my eyes for?
I got no candy for you.
Just a second, randy. Boys.
Holy fuck, I'm dizzy.
Don't look now.
It's the patch.
Don't look now, but lahey is in the woods with a video camera. Don't look. fuck, julian, what are we gonna do?
Just stay calm and stick to the plan.
He's gonna get us.
Corey, trevor.
Deal with randy. Let's go, trevor.
Get up. Take care of randy.
Okay, boys. Here's twenty dollars cash. Fill it up for me, please.
We don't want your money, corey and trevor.
What's wrong with you guys anyway?
We're sick from all the fucking gas we've been stealing.
We should be better in six to eight days though.
Why corey and trevor, that's highly illegal.
You shouldn't be stealing gas, corey and trevor.
It's fucked up to be stealing gas like corey and trevor did.
And I don't want anything to do with corey and trevor's gas stealing.
Is this the gas you were stealing right here?
What the fuck was that all about?
Is this the gas you stole?
Is that the gas you stole?
It's what you told us to do.
Good job, guys.
I just gotta chill out For a second, guys. I'm fucking dizzy here.
Holy fuck, boys!
Holy fuck, ricky! What are you doing, mo-fucker?
It wasn't me! I didn't do shit!
Thank you, mr. Lahey, For your expert testimony And for providing this very illuminating tape.
Your honour, I think the video evidence Clearly speaks for itself And that any sane and rational person Would have no choice but to convict These individuals of these ridiculous crimes.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, fuck.
Oh, objection.
That's the seventeenth time that he has sworn so far.
Richard, please?
Alright. I'm fuck... I'm sorry about all the bullsh...
About all the stuff.
But the prosecutor is a f... He's a f...
He's an f-ing bad guy and he's pissing me off.
He can't even speak without swearing.
Your honour, this is ludicrous.
It's a disgrace to these proceedings.
Richard, since you chose to defend yourself And fire the public defender, I guess it's your turn to question the witness.
Thank you, your majesty.
And richard, before you begin, I'd like to say that I think this is a bad idea.
However, you do have a right to defend yourself, So proceed, but please remember to watch your language.
Look, I can't speak without swearing and I've only got my grade 10.
I haven't had a cigarette since I've been arrested And I'm ready to snap, so I'd like to make a request Under the people's freedom of choices and voices act That I be able to smoke and swear in your courtroom.
Cause if I can't smoke and swear, I'm fucked And so are all these guys.
I won't be able to properly express myself At a court level and that's bullshit.
It's not fair, and if you ask me, I think it's a fucking mistrial.
This man can't represent anyone.
Your honour, he's a complete and total idiot.
Well, although I am opposed to that kind of language in my courtroom, I'm gonna allow it, as unfortunately, It is part of your right to a fair trial.
So you may proceed, but please, I want to remind you that this is not a carnival.
Richard, you have permission to smoke and swear.
Thank you. I've just gotta get some cigarettes actually.
Let's go, smokes.
But I only got two left.
I don't care.
You've been a dick. It's the least you can do.
Oh, for the love of god.
Just the defendant please.
My first order of business is to tell the prosecutor To shut up and wipe that stupid grin off his face, Cause it's distractulating my case.
Next I'd like to announce that randy and lahey Have been drinking all fucking day, They're wasted out of their minds and they're both assholes.
And the testimony they just gave was total fucking bullshit.
I can prove it and I'm gonna show you what happened here.
Okay, boys, here's twenty dollars cash. Fill it up for me please.
Don't know what that's for. Probably prostitution.
We don't want your money.
Watch him put right, right in his pocket, right there.
Oh, man, we're sick from stealing so much gas.
But we should be better in like six to eight days.
Stealing gas! Why, corey and trevor, that's highly illegal.
You shouldn't be stealing gas, corey and trevor.
That's right, it's fucked up to be stealing gas like corey and trevor did, and I don't want anything to do with corey and trevor's gas stealing.
We wanted nothing to do with it.
Me neither, you know what I'm saying?
Only whack suckers like corey and trevor steal gas, and deal dope.
Now, I don't want to say anything about the dope, Cause you know, I don't know anything about that.
But clearly they accepted money on film and they admitted They stole gas. And they're sick, I mean look at them.
That's gas sickness. fucking idiots.
I've got nothing else to say, Except that the crown and lahey can go fuck themselves.
You're not buying any of this bullshit, are you?
Sit down, sir, or you'll be in contempt of court. And watch your language.
Yeah lahey, sit the fuck down.
Truth fucking hurts, doesn't it, you son of a bitch.
Whatever. Defence rests, everybody else can fuck off.
Except you. I didn't mean you.
Thank you, richard. You may be seated.
Can you guys get the fuck out of the way, please?
Okay, well I think I've heard enough, and I'll be back shortly with my verdict.
Well you know, just because these young men Have little education and live in squalor, It doesn't entitle them to commit antisocial behaviour and get away with it.
There's two things mo-fuckers gotta know aboutj to the r-o-c.
First of all, I spin more rhymes than a lazy susan And I'm innocent until my guilt is proven.
Peace. Representing sunnyvale, straight the fuck up.
Be seated please.
Well, I've reached a verdict in this ridiculous case, and I do mean ridiculous.
Given richard's deconstruction of the video evidence, Clearly trevor and corey are the only ones With any hard evidence against them here.
But we were framed.
Quiet please.
You fucked up.
Therefore, I find richard, julian, jamie and bubbles Not guilty on all counts.
Order please. Order please.
Trevor and corey, please stand.
I find you guilty and sentence you to 450 hours' community service.
Case closed.
Trevor and corey got a bit of community service, which sort of sucks, But it's good experience they should be doing That sort of stuff, going to jail once in a while.
We do it. Why they shouldn't be doing it?
I don't really feel bad about that.
It's their fault.
What's going on guys?
We haven't seen you in so long. What's up?
Julian, tell them why we're here.
We just wanted to say thanks for not ratting us out, and to not forget we're going on a cruise. Remember that.
We'd never rat you out julian.
Yeah, man.
Ricky, give them the stuff. Come on.
Brought you guys some smokes and a couple of joints, alright.
Oh man, thanks, dude. That's dope.
Thanks a lot.
So we're cool?
Yeah, man.
We're saving up some squirreling right now to shoot a video, you know what I'm saying?
So we're gonna shoot it on this little mo-fucker right here; there's a button that's talking about negative art, which uh creatively is kind of a comment on where we're at, you know what I'm saying?
Like, reversing the black and white, who's black and who's white and we're saying, you know what I'm saying society, you know what's up, the shit don't even matter, you know what I'm saying, at the end of the day, right A'ight, where's that sepia shit at, cause that looks dope as fuck.
Where's it at? Kay, peace, a'ight that looks dope.
A'ight ladies, you know what I'm saying, hold that weave right, take this gun right here, you know what I'm saying? This just in, three sucker MCs were knocked out?
They go together like Randy's gut and a cheeseburger?
He rhymes gangster rap because, you know, we live in the park man, it's real gangster out here.
Know what I mean, gotta keep It gangster, gotta keep it real Straight up.
Rapping about real life things we go through. fucking right.
Everything we go through Is gangster; keep it gangster.
Me and Julian are never going back to jail again and one of the ways we're going to do that is we're gonna do like somee small time, semi-legal stuff it is illegal, but not really illegal, you know what I mean.
Smart stuff, Ricky, that's why selling CDs, it's perfect, I mean, cops, they can't be bothered with that shit.
So we make our money back and it's good for J Roc.
That's the first CD out for Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Cept for that wack bullshit Corey and Trevor released on cassette, but they were fronting.
J Roc raps about gangsters and guns, pimps and whores, and Compton.
Guy's not from Compton, he's a white kid from a trailer park.
Man, I ain't changed since I started selling records, know what I'm saying? I'm keeping it the fuck real He should rap about what he knows, like living in his mom's trailer, eating peanut butter sandwiches, you know what I'm saying?
Jamie, how many 29-year-old record company presidents operate out of their mom's trailer?
Believe it or not, some people think I'm going make it in this rap game. You know what I'm saying, saying., J Roc keeps going on about this record company he starteds but really all he did was take a bunch of famous rap song and mixed on some of his four-track stuff there, now he put this out.
J Roc and Friends.
It's a bit fucked if you ask me because half these rappers I'm sure, don't know they're on here. That's called pirating.
First of all, we didn't jack no tunes, know what I'm saying Me and T call it cross promotion right, cause, uh, putting Dr. Dre and Snoop Dog and all my boys, Detroit Velvet Smooth from Moncton right, on the joint, you know what I'm saying?
We're promoting the mother-fuckers; I'll call them up soon and say we done this, and say if they want to put a J Roc joint on they disk, I ain't give a fuck.
Julian invested my fucking money in it, so I guess I gotta roll with It cause I trust Julian.
Julian has a plan and usually it makes a lot of sense off the top and sometimes when I make a plan people say it's not as clear as his or whatever but that's cool.
But a flea market's a good way to make money.
Me and the old man made eleven hundred bucks one weekend selling CBs, everybody loves a good flea market so fuck it. I think it's a good idea.
I fucking love the flea market. It's the best time ever.
I like to do silly little things for people, make them laugh.
I usually put this little guy in here. Fits right in there Or here's what I do, put a price tag on him.
Forty grand. Nobody's gonna pay forty grand for him.
I hope to fuck they're not anyway.
Ricky, Julian, come here.
What's the problem Bubbles There's no problem. 78 CDs already.
Look at all the money we made. fuck, right on. Awesome.
Ricky, Ricky. You gotta keep spending money to make money We've been through this a thousand times. Think about it I just don't understand invest-iments. I told you that Ricky, remember I told you about thinking about each word before you say it.
One of those words isn't real.
Bubbles, I try that but you get other words showing up from other departments, and... not departments, but you get other things coming at you, going around, here fuck sakes. I can't fucking explain myself but you know what I mean, okay?
I don't know Julian. I don't like the sound of this What are you talking about? We made all this money from these CDs.
Check it out. You guys want your cut?
I want my cut, yeah.
Or, do you guys want to take this to the next level?
Well, what's the next level?
A rap concert.
Oh my God., We take this money and invest it in a rock concert today we can probably double or triple this.
How are you going to get people here so fast?
Easy. Free liquor.
Dad, I don't know. This stuff tastes pretty fucking strong I'm getting drunk off one glass here.
Ricky, you're supposed to wait till it's diluted at least 50/50 before you start drinking it bud, you know that. I - Hopefully it'll be alright.
That's not my lunch pepperon you're eating there, is it?
No, it's my pepperoni dad.
Okay wait.
Just a sec. Clear.
Listen Rick, I don't want to get into any trouble over this You know that right.
Oh yeah, Dad.
You've cleared this with Lahey right?
Oh yeah, Lahey is totally cool with it.
No way, Julian. No concerts in the park. Final answer.
Final answer Julian. fuck off Randy. Jim, it' gonna be a simple little set up.
We're not going to bother anybody, come on.
Nineteen millimeter Randy.
Don't be an asshole.
Julian, you can call me an asshole, but listen carefully. You can do anything you want on property you own but since you only lease property here In Sunnyvale, you can't do shit Alright Jim, thanks for your time.
Now that I understand the rules, have a nice day boys. fucking Lahey's not shutting this concert down.
I don't give a fuck!
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Yo! Yo! Wait!
Oh fuck off.
Julian, you have to hook us up with this rap show, dude.
You have to. You know what I'm saying.
We have the stuff man, come on. You have the stuff.
All our material is new man, it'll be dope.
We should be in the show. We should be.
We've been rocking the park for a long time. Show me some love, G.
Boys, did we tell you to stop and talk to us right now?
We didn't. So get the fuck out of here.
Hi Linda.
Hi guys.
How are you doing?
Not too bad.
Listen, can we talk to J Roc for a minute?
Yeah, he's in his room. If you can stand the noise I made some pound cake. Do you want some Bubbles?
Yes, please. Put some butter on to it.
Jamie, your friends are here. Jamie?
Turn down that damn music. You can't hear a thing.
Come on, Jamie!
Mom. What the fuck!
Turn that shit off, mo-fucker. I was getting changed, you know what I'm saying. I don't want that shit on TV I don't want mo-fuckers seeing me getting changed.
Turn that thing off. He's pulling his hose.
Turn off the fucking camera, what the fuck were you doing J Roc?
Getting changed mo-fucker.
My ass, you were fucking cranking it.
You non-knocking mother-fuckers.
That was fucked!
That was a bit fucked.
It wasn't that fucked. you know, I was getting changed.
Listen man, I got some good news for ya.
Get cleaned up, meet me back at the flea market.
A'ight. Peace Bub.
Don't touch me.
You mo-fuckers aren't going to tell nobody I was getting changed right.
No, Christ no. When it first happened, it was kind of funny, but the more I thought about it, nobody likes to get caught with their bird out like J Roc did.
Okay, Corey and Trevor busted in here this morning and they were all like "J Roc got caught masturbating".
Like, for one, like we care, and for two, like what the fuck were they doing looking in his window?
We were following J Roc and them, it's kind of stupid that we were following them, but we were really desperate to get in on the show, so we just kind of peeked in the window.
And we were shocked man, like we were speechless.
They were telling everybody. We asked them not to, cause we think it's gonna fuck the whole concert thing but I think they're embarrassed by how much they're in love with him, cause they're dissing him and stuff, but they know everywhere he is, everything.
Yeah, I don't know why they follow him around half the time and then try and make him look stupid the other half the time. Not very nice.
It's disrespectful.
They're dickheads.
What! Do I look like I got some candy?
No, why ya'll looking at my eyes for then.
What's up?
Thanks for buying my record.
Julian, all the motherfuckers in this park know, motherfuck!
Come on man, nobody knows.
It's totally cool J Roc, we didn't say a fucking thing.
Check this out man. You are going to headline a rap concert today. I got a PA system, sound tech, stage being built. Whole nine yards man. fuck, promote my rap record finally, where at?
It's going to be on the roof of your mom's trailer, man I'm building a stage right now. It'll be awesome.
J Roc, yo man. I heard you got caught masturbating, man What the fuck!
T Man, Corey and Trevor be flying the shit.
Shut the fuck up man. fucking played myself, a'ight. fuck, my rap career is fucked. First of all, C what motherfuckers don't understand about J to the R O is that I'm into like method rap, know what I'm saying?
So if I'm writing about crime, you know what I'm saying, I've gotta do crime, you know to get in that head space.
So I was writing some vibes, some rhymes of like a sexual nature, right?, It's a bad situation because his fans find out about this it's gonna hurt him.
And getting caught masturbating sucks!
I got caught masturbating in jail seven or eight times and it really sucks.
I was just getting myself in the sex vibe, and some motherfuckers bust in and misinterpret that right thinking I was yanking my shit but that ain't even true.
I was just straight up writing some shit from a, of a sexual place, of a sexual nature, right.t That's one of the rhymes right there; couldn't of written tha unless I had my shit out and some hand cream.
Mother fuckers are making fun of me all over this place.
I've been at the flea market all day selling J Roc CDs.
We sold a fucking ton of those things.
We've been selling J Roc CDs because you are a rap star man. Believe, come on.
Some of my joints are pretty tight though.
Damn right there tight.
T. Seriously. You know what I'm saying?
It hurts when motherfuckers make fun though.
You know what I'm saying.
We've got an elevated stage, PA system, man.
I've got everything figured out.
Oh my fuck Julian. This shit's for me? Thanks boy I'm gonna burn this shit down.
Captain Arsehold and Wonder Boy are here.
Don't fucking worry about Lahey. He can't do a thing Julian, what the hell is this shit?
We're not breaking any rules here Jim.
The concert's taking place on J Roc's property.
So I guess you two can fuck off.
Julian, I told you I didn't want any shit in Sunnyvale You idiots loaded up a hair trigger, double-barre I shit machine gun and the barrel is pointed straight at your own heads So, like the barrel of the gun is bent backwards.
Let's go Randy. If these boys want to play hardball, we can play hardball too.
You guys are fucked, you know that.
Get the fuck in your car and get the fuck out of here You keep your hands off him, Ricky. Ricky!
In you go Fatty!
The day of reckoning is at hand boy!
Later boys! Reverse, dumbass You guys are so fucking stupid Nice get-away Lahey!
There ain't that much room on my mamma's lawn, you know what I'm saying cause we gotta keep the shit on my mamma's lawn, cause legal right and all that shit. Lahey and all that shit, that bald-headed, Kermit the frog looking motherfucker.
I told them, I said no concert definitively, didn't I?
No concert in the park.
I even said " No concert right after you said no concert.
I warned him.
Yeah, I just thought you'd like to know that this guy's pirating your music and he's making thousands of dollars off it by selling it as his own.
Yeah, he is. Well, actually he's performing a concert this afternoon right here in Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
That's about a three hour drive from Moncton. Good, good.
Well, peace right back at ya Who's fucking with the Mike?
Alright, test, test. Oh yeah. Alright everybody.
Come on in to the rap show. Come in and find a spot.
Relax. You're in for the freestyle event of the century There's gonna be some craz MCing going on here in a minute.
Bubbles, tell these people we gotta stay on this property I got people roaming all over this fucking place.
Lahey's gonna be here man.
Everybody stay the fuck on this property only please.
Get the fuck out of there. I gotta serve that.
You gotta stay on J Roc's property or the whole thing is gonna get shut down.
Tell them that I'm serving the liquor.
I don't want people dipping in to this, alright.
I want to serve the fucking liquor here.
Okay, the liquor is free, but even though it's free, Ricky's the one who's handing it out; don't be just helping yourself out of the bucket there. fuck off Trevor, I'm serious. fuck off Trevor.
Alright, see this line? Nobody cross this line or Lahey the fucking asshole is going to call the cops.
So don't fuck around and don't cross the line.
Stay on this side, on this property only.
Alright, I'm gonna be straight up with you J Roc.
This concert can make or break your career, so I want you to go out there, put on a good show and show everyone who's the baddest freestyle MC in Sunnyvale Trailer Park history.
Alright B. And thanks dog, for helping me keep this shit extra real, you know what I'm saying.
Man, we're all in this together, alright.
As far as that jacking off shit goes, man the ladies love that It just means you got a healthy sex drive.
Jules, I know I may come across as hard as fuck all the time, you know what I'm saying.
But every motherfucker needs a boost of confidence from time to time.
You have my back boy?
I got your back man.
Let's fucking do this shit You must be Mr. Detroit Velvet Smooth.
My name is James Lahey, this my assistant Randy.
You from Detroit?
No man, I'm from Moncton, but never mind that.
Where the fuck are these CDs at?
Yo, they got my fucking face on this shit though.
Where the fuck is this fucking J Roc at seriously?
It would be my pleasure to show you exactly where he is You're getting ripped off man.
We're getting ripped off It ain't gonna happen too much longer though.
We're gonna do this old school, right about now, you know what I'm saying. Get up T, get up T.
This is crazy, I can't believe this motherfucker.
But yo, I'm gonna deal with this right now.
Who are you?
Yeah, who am I? Don't worry about that., Yo, all I'm saying, I ain't gonna shoot nobody I just want to get that motherfuckers attention.
Yo, J, come here man. Me and you need to talk.
Whoa, whoa, man. What do you think you're doing here?
What am I doing here? Whoa, whoa, whoa, nothing. How do you like that? All I'm saying is that motherfucker right there has been jacking my tunes and clocking my dollars.
For me, in this industry, that's called royalties motherfucker, royalties.
You know what I mean. Royalties.
What the fuck does that mean Royalties, it means you owe me fucking money.
Let's just put the guns away. Everything's cool alright.
DVS, pimp, I'm J Roc. You know what I'm saying?
I am so down with your shit, you know what I'm saying, keeping it real, what I'm saying.
Yo, you been jacking my tunes man, seriously I ain't trying to have that.
I ain't been jacking your tunes, my brother, I'm doing promotion shit, you know what...
Brother? You calling me your brother?
Seems to me one of us ain't black. Are you black?
Yeah, I'm black.
This mother-fuckers' crazy No, J Roc's not crazy he just genuinely believes he's black.
We don't give him a hard time about it, he's always been like that I don't think most of us even notice anymore.
It's just weird when new folks come along and they take a look at him, but as soon as they talk to him and figure out what his stick is, he's black.
It's not an act, he really believes it.
You got degrees of black, you know what I'm saying?
All kinds of different motherfuckers are a different kind of black.
T is right here, you know what I'm saying., and like Lionel Ritchie is right here cause he ain't that black especially after the Commodores, he's practically not black a tall, you know what I'm saying.
You got your Michael Jackson, who's like a white black.
Which you know, can be sure on the whack.
Go up in your house, look in the mirror and see what you really is, cause to me and my boys, you's a punk.
J to the R O C is a punk.
Well that's a little harsh. He's not a punk.
He might be a bit of a fucking goof but he's not a punk.
Un mo.
Straight up and done.
Somebody get on stage, we got people freaking out here.
Corey, Trevor, get up on stage.
Prime Minister C, nice, don't offend.
If you don't like my shit, just pretend.
People always scream at me whenever I talk, but I don't jerk off cause I'm not the J Roc.
Honey, I told them the concert is over.
Oh my God, what's wrong? Why are you dressed like that?
Why would I be dressed any differently Mom?
It's who I am. It's hard to admit it, but Mum I'm white.
Bubbles. Bubbles, come here, man.
I hate to do this to you man, but you gotta get up there and rap until I can get J Roc back up.
Who's the microphone assassin?
You are, of course you are, you get out there and strut your stuff.
I didn't spend all that money on turntables for nothing.
I believe in you. You gott a believe in yourself.
I don't know, Mom, straight up, I don't know.
Well, I guess I'm gonna try to rap for you guys.
I've never rapped before and I'm kind of fucking drunk, but I'll give it a shot, alright.
I got a grey kitty, white one and a tabby too.
And a big orange guy who puts snakes in my shoes., Madame C skills leave me strut and I roll with my kitties I'm as hard as fuck.
Well, before you were born, I was, uh, involved with a couple of black guys.
I like black guys, Jamie, there's no question about it Look, we didn't sell two many CDs but here's two hundred bucks man.
Thanks a lot man.
Sorry for the mix up. Hey, just a sec.
Linda! Can J Roc's Mom talk to you for a second.
Could you just go in there and talk to him.
He thinks the world of you. Can you do that?
I can do, Mom, straight up That's nice, thank you.
Right on DVD.
It's DVS motherfucker.
I'm down with Plato and Socrates and I like to get busy with all the ladies.
Throwing them back, something, something, something.
There's a lot more to being black than just being down with NWA.
Seriously. You know what I mean?, There's black and there's white and then there's you J Roc and I still don't know what the fuck that is yet., But you're cool, alright? And I did hear some of your shit man, and your shit is tight. Straight up.
You think my shit's tight.
Man, you're all good baby. Holler if you hear me man.
All I'm saying, you got to get out of this Tip Top shit, cause it's straight wacked, this rainbow connection shit is not working.
I'll go out there, you need to go get changed an then I'll be chilling right here waiting for you Word.
J to the R O C. fucking right.
Back up in the heezy, baby Straight up man, but right now I heard that the baddest freestyling MC, off the top of his head shit, is right here in Sunnyvale so while I'm saying Sunnyvale would you please make some noise for my man J to the R O C live and direct with Detroit Velvet Smooth here live and for you, so yo J Roc!
Hell yeah, make some noise for my boy, DVS, motherfucker, you know what I'm saying. This here's a story about some shit that happened to me today. Check it out.
Here we go, one two. By now you heard the story about how I got caught, playing with my shit, but hold that thought. Before you disrespect J R O C, it could happen to you, cause it happened to me and T.
Check this shit out.
Come on, J Roc.
A situation broke out when I smoke too much bud, reached in my drawers, pulled out my pud.
Bust open a jar of petroleum jelly, started thinking about Donna and Nicky And Shelley.
Nevermind, I was hitting it, we was almost there, then the door bust open and fuck, my mom was there But don't disrespect J R O C, it could happen to you cause it happened to me.
I need you to do me a huge favour.
I can't buddy, there's no dope around.
I'm not looking for dope.
Meowenstein drank garbage juice. He's got the shits.
I've got to get him to the vet. But here's the problem.
Rush are coming to the metro centre.
No way!
Yessirree bob.
Rush are your favourite band.
I know. I need you to go down there, Get in line and get me a ticket. They're gonna sell out ricky.
This is all the money I have. Just enough for one ticket.
Can you do that for me?
Calm down. It's not like it's helix or something.
Helix was a wicked concert.
I sold a lot of dope at that concert. They had good lyrics.
Give me an r-o-c-k! And the crowd yells "rock" really loud.
Now that's a fucking concert.
I'm not giving anyone a fucking r!
Rush just don't do stuff like that.
Their lyrics are about how trees are talking to each other, How different sides of the brain work and outer space bullshit.
Give me a fucking r!
Why don't you guys get Some tickets and come with me. We could all go.
I'd love to but there's no dope. I told you that.
Who cares about dope? Alex lifeson, geddy lee, neil peart.
I know he's gonna do that fucking drum solo.
Calm down buddy. Calm down. Calm down.
[panting]: just promise me you can do it. Just say I promise you bubbles that I will get you a ticket, please.
I promise you'll have a ticket and I'll try to find some dope.
Alright, let's do it.
Help me clear this stuff off the car and we'll go get julian.
I'm glad I had my helmet on. Hey julian.
Hey man.
I need a couple of bucks for gas buddy.
What! Hey?!
Hey! Hey! What?
Hi! I just got a fine from the city For having recyclables in the garbage.
Do you, um, remember that little chat we had jim about you Doing your job and me not firing you? Do you remember that?
My ex-wife barbara owns sunnyvale trailer park.
And in a way, uh, she, uh...
Well, we gotta do what barbara tells us to do.
More or less.
Uh, randy and I have been planning a camping trip For a long time, barbara.
And I promise I'm going to have all this sorted out by Monday.
It's idiots like that get the fuck out of my way lahey, you fucking idiot.
That don't recycle.
Maybe you should be doing your fucking job instead of going Camping, toasting marshmallows with fucking randy.
Did I mention he was trying to buy dope off me this morning?
Right. No camping trip, jim.
Not with randy, or drugs, or liquor until you have sorted all This garbage in time for the collection on Monday and then You can go camping.
Lahey, can you please get the flying fuck out of our way.
We gotta go get rush tickets.
Hey ricky! Ricky!
You hang on little buddy. I'll be right with you.
Awesome boys. Thanks for doing this for me.
No problem buddy. I'm going to get your ticket right now.
Thanks guys. I love you guys.
Love you too, bubs.
Talk to you later buddy.
See ya.
What the fuck are you doing here? Following us or something?
Sorry I was following you, but I have a brilliant idea.
If we take dope and sell it at the rush concert we can sell it For double the price and make a ton of loot, man.
It works every time. So can you hook us up?
That's a great idea. I got a little bit of dope here for ya.
That's cool.
There's no fucking dope in town you idiots.
Julian, you've got to be able to get dope.
We can take the cruise money and double it up, man. We can do it.
Alright boys here. Get us all some rush tickets.
Are you sure about this?
I want the change back too boys. Don't fuck this up.
That's cool.
I think I can get us some dope man.
Where the fuck are you going to get dope?
How's it going? You guys got a package for corey or trevor lahey? fuck, I hate buying dope from cops man.
They way overcharge every time. It doesn't even feel like a pound.
It's fine. Let's just get out of here.
Ah, man. fuck! Aw fuck!
We're down here at the metro centre Where the tickets are going fast for the upcoming rush concert.
Hey, what are your names guys?
Uh, that's corey.
That's trevor.
How goes the search for tickets, gung?
It's okay man. We kind of have to get tickets, we have no choice man.
Like, you know.
That's just great guys.
Good for you guys.
Hey man, can we do some shout outs?
I don't think so. Just a reminder terry, coming up in the next half hour, The ultimate rush fan contest. Coming up later.
Now earthshine from vapourtrails.
Those idiots ruined our little camping trip randy.
Well, we're going to ruin their little concert.
Alright ricky, don't mention anything about the dope out here man.
We'll make way more selling it in there.
Okay man.
Ready, mr. Lahey.
Go randy.
Ricky, you idiot. You camping trip ruining dick.
Saying stuff you're not supposed to say.
Come on, randy, randy, randy, boys, boys.
Yes, I'll have all the rest of your tickets please.
Randy, that's enough boy.
Ricky, julian, where's my fucking ticket.
Sorry bubbles, she's all sold out.
Oh my fuck, are you kidding me?
What the fuck are you doing lahey?
These tickets are not for sale boys, but if you help randy And I clean up a little garbage, Then I just might give you a couple.
Oh my god. Come on.
Let's go randy.
See you back at the park there boys.
You fucking dicks. You better fucking watch it randy.
Ricky, you fucking promised me you'd get me rush tickets.
It wasn't my fault bubbles. I'm sorry.
It is your fault. This could affect our friendship, you know.
Bubbles don't talk like that.
Boys, somebody's got cans And fucking bottles mixed up in the same bag.
This is bullshit. Can't we get tickets from scalpers or something?
I already tried. No go man, so stop your fucking whining And let's just get this over with.
Boys, relax, we're going to make a lot of money tonight.
Julian this thing isn't about money you know.
Don't you guys fucking ever think of the music?
That's what this was about. Remember "closer to the heart"?
Remember how good the fucking concert was in 87?
That was awesome man. Remember we kicked out during "I like to rock", then we wrecked the dartmouth ferry.
That was fucking wicked.
That was fucking April wine, ricky.
But that was a good fucking concert.
So you wanna be alex lifeson's guitar tech?
Tell me, what's his real name? Call now.
We're gonna take the first four calls.
Oh my god boys, it's zivojinovich. Son of life, Lifeson, that's his fucking surname.
I'm gonna be alex lifeson's guitar tech.
It's off to the phone lines now to see if we have a winner In the ultimate rush fan contest.
Hi, who's this? Do you have the answer?
Hi I'm randy. Yes, the answer is zivojinovich.
Randy, you're right. Good for you.
Zivojinovich, which means son of life.
Lifeson, that is his last name. Guess what randy, you're going.
You've got to be fucking kidding.
That cheeseburger eating bastard.
Holy fuck mr. Lahey, we won!
Yeah, we're still on the air guys. Congratulations.
You and a friend are going to attend the rush show.
Have a great night, but more than that...
You're a fucking asshole randy.
What do you want boys?
Mr. Lahey. Look, I know you probably don't like me that much Cause I hang around with these guys, fuck you around sometimes, and do things that you don't like, But that rush concert means everything to me.
Can you find it in your heart To sell me one of those tickets please?
This is all the money I have in the world, But I'll give it to you please.
Jim, stop being a prick and just sell us some tickets.
I'm sorry julian. I am a prick.
Boys, back to work if you want those tickets.
You can keep your fucking tickets, lahey.
Do you think that's a good idea. fucking right it's a good idea.
Ricky! Ricky! That's willful destruction of garbage. Ricky.
Sorry, bubbles. It's the company you keep, boy.
Why didn't you say anything to us man?
We can get into metro centre any time.
Why were you sorting garbage, then?
Cause that's what you guys were doing.
Yeah man, we were just chilling with you.
You guys are fucked, you know that? You're fucking stupid.
So what's up?
Well man, we got in to aaron carter And backstreet boys, all the time through a tunnel.
The tunnel pops up right in the back of the stadium.
It's a manhole.
A sewer? You guys are fucked.
I'm not crawling through a fucking sewer.
Don't do anything stupid ricky.
Oh yeah, he probably won't do anything stupid, julian.
Welcome to the prince elliott.
I'm alex's personal guitar tech. I've got to take this To his room right away. Can I have the key please?
Most rock stars are supposed To be really approachable and really fun And easy to talk to, but for some reason, alex wasn't.
I need four tickets to your concert right now.
We can do this the easy way or hard way.
I'm not a ticket agency. I can't help you with the tickets.
You can't get me four tickets?
I'm sorry.
He was just one of these guys that don't want to talk To anybody, I'm a big fancy rock star and you can't Talk to me, so it pissed me off.
Hang on a second, man.
Let's go. No fucking around. You say a word about this, I'm going to tell everyone you sexually assaulted me.
Come on, give me a break.
Take it easy. We're just gonna go for a little drive.
Hotel security. This man is drunk as fuck, he's on drugs.
What's going on here?
He's a male prostitute, I'm going to escort him out of here.
That's one ricky uses a lot.
I've seen him use that on different people.
The cops come and ricky's like "this guy's a drunk male prostitute And he's soliciting prostitution And he's trying to do things to me, and he's a drunk male prostitute".
I may have called him a male prostitute, I don't remember exactly.
Very well, he could be a male prostitute, you don't know that.
But he got pissed off and was saying "oh, you kidnapped me".
It wasn't kidnapping, so if he's gonna say I kidnapped him, I'm gonna call him a male prostitute.
Check it out dude. What's up jules?
This'll keep you pretty dry and stuff but it's best to keep Some extra clothes just in case you fall in.
Yeah man, I fell in. It's pretty bad.
Julian, it's fucked. I don't want to fall in the sewer with these dickweeds.
Don't worry bubbles. We're not going to wear this shit man.
This is in case we have no other option.
Where are we?
The fucking best trailer park in the god-damned world right here.
Good people, good friends and we're gonna fucking see a little show.
But the first thing I want to do is make it clear that this is not kidnapping.
This is totally kidnapping.
It's not fucking kidnapping.
This is fucking totally kidnapping.
I'm borrowing you to play a little concert Back at the trailer park.
I don't do that kind of stuff.
You're fucking in a rock band. You should be used to this.
Can I tell you something? You're a fucking mental case.
What the fuck are you talking about? Look...
You are crazy.
It's not my fault you're this big fucking you could go to jail for a long time for this.
I'm not going to jail. This isn't kidnapping. I'm borrowing you.
Oh, no big deal at all.
Ricky just went and stole a human being.
It's like a little rehearsal. You play a couple of songs And then you can go back to your little dream world.
Whatever the fuck it is you do with yourself all the time.
Playing your fucking big guitar in front of people.
Yeah dude, where's rick?
Shut up and listen carefully boys.
You guys are going to go in to the bathroom first, set up.
Make sure you put an "out of order" sign on the door.
And here. Just in case. That's a change of clothes for us.
Hey buddy.
Julian, I came through buddy. Where's bubbles?
At the vet. Don't tell me you've got tickets?
I've got better than tickets. Check this out.
Ricky. Ricky. This, you're from rush.
Yeah, it's alex lifeson. Alex this is j, uh, it's gord downey.
This is alex. Hey, play "I like to rock".
That's April wine.
Well play that diane sawyer song.
Just fucking play something. That's why you're here.
Ricky? What's he doing here?
I just borrowed him for a couple of hours from the hotel.
I was gonna put on a concert for bubbles.
You kidnapped him ricky.
It's not kidnapping.
You don't borrow people.
It's totally cool man. We worked it all out.
You? Alright. Can you stop playing just for a second.
Alright, he uh. Alright.
I'm gonna untie you, and you're not going to call the police.
He's just a big fan, he made a mistake. This isn't kidnapping.
I'm sorry man. Like, are we cool or what?
You untie me. You get me back to my hotel. It's no problem.
What's this one?
I don't know dude.
Sorry about all this shit man.
Okay. It's alright. fuck that. Don't even worry about it.
Don't shove me.
You got enough money?
Here's another dollar thirty-six there dicktree.
Hey man.
I can't believe I'm picking this stuff up.
Just get the fuck out of here, would you?
You fucked up big time. Ricky, don't be giving him the finger.
He fucking stared at me.
You fucked up big time this time man.
You wanna go back to jail? Because it looks like you do?
Julian, look.
I fucked up and I'm sorry alright. You got a better idea?
This is fucked up julian.
Look boys. I'm sorry, alright.
The security is a little tight. It will be fun man.
This is not fucking fun julian. This is bullshit.
You want to see rush bubbles?
Yes, I want to see rush.
Get down there. You want me to go next?
Please. What if something gets me?
Ah! Something licked me on the knee. Something licked me.
We did it julian.
There's alex lifeson. That's him.
Shh! Shh!
Sorry randy, I've got this t-shirt For you to wear tonight on stage during the guitar changes.
No thanks alex, I don't wear shirts.
Oh no, you gotta wear a shirt. Please.
I never do.
He doesn't wear shirts mr. Lifeson. That's the way it is.
Mr. Lahey, maybe you can talk him in to wearing this shirt.
He doesn't wear shirts. Not even in the wintertime.
How did you idiots get in here?
Hi alex.
Don't worry about it lahey.
Hey, I know this guy.
You see this randy. When somebody like alex lifeson Gives you a fucking t-shirt to put on, You're putting the fucking thing on.
I don't care if you don't wear shirts.
I don't wear, frig off.
Randy doesn't wear shirts.
Put it on randy.
Take the garbage downtown, boys.
Put it on, randy.
I can't fucking believe we have to go through this again.
Boys, it wasn't that bad.
I don't know what happened. I sat corey and trevor down For two hours and discussed this plan with them.
Take the clothes, bring them into the metro centre, We'll meet you inside.
What are you guys wearing?
Ah shit dude. We got these from a road case man.
And there's lots more so you can put it on too.
Where in the fuck are our clothes and the stuff?
Well, it's funny. We were worried about uh, about them Getting lost right so we took everything, the weed And your clothes and we put them in a rush road case.
And the roadies took them away when we went to get hot dogs.
Holy fuck!
What did it say on the case?
What the fuck are you doing wearing my clothes?
Not this asshole again. What are you doing with my clothes?
I thought we had a deal here. No cops.
Alex, we're on in four oh great.
I'm fucking telling. Mr. Lahey!
Guys please, give me a break here. I've gotta get on stage, I've gotta get out of these stupid track pants And into my clothes right now.
What the fuck's wrong with track pants?
Give me my stuff back. For christ's sakes.
Freeze. What's going on here?
Okay boys, throw these two idiots out.
We paid money for tickets.
He's a felon. Get him out.
This fucking thing shouldn't be about dope and swearing And idiots with no fucking shirts on going camping drunk.
You guys don't even give a fuck about rush. I do.
That's right bubbles. I don't. But what I do give a fuck about Is recycling and the fact that this idiot Deliberately ruined randy and my camping trip. shit, I didn't ruin it. You ruined it. And so did alex.
It wasn't my fault.
This is so fucked up. This is my dressing room.
Sorry alex. But those two were outside scalping tickets.
He's got about twenty on him. He wouldn't give me one.
You scalping tickets randy? Contest winner?
Guys, get these two out of here right now.
Alex listen please, I'm really, really sorry about this.
I mean, we weren't doing anything wrong. fuck off randy.
Alex. Alex.
What do you think of that, randy?
Alright alex. No more fucking around.
Where's my dope? I gotta start selling here.
What this? I found this in my dr.
Oh, for fuck's sakes.
Big bag of dope is causing all the problems again boys.
Relax, relax bubbles. It's okay.
You fucking smoked some of this, didn't you.
Ricky. Alex, listen. Bubbles, should have won The guitar tech contest this afternoon.
Randy cheated and stole his answer.
That's right alex. I'm a way bigger fan than him.
You're the best guitar player that ever lived.
I appreciate that.
But I've got to get in to my stage stuff and get on stage.
I'm not trying to be a dick, but are you going to pay for the weed you smoked?
Ricky. Listen alex, I don't mean to be bothering you again man, But he really got cheated today on that contest.
Is there anyway he can be your guitar tech?
I don't know. You can't just get up there and do it.
It's a tough gig.
I swear to god I can do it.
I know everything about your stuff man. Everything.
Alright, alright he can do it.
Under this condition. I don't want to see him any more.
I want to ride in the limo and I want you to pay for the dope And then we got a deal. That's fair.
Ah, you don't quit.
Ricky, I'll pay for his dope.
Alright, alright. You got the ride in the limo, alright.
Let's get to work.
Thanks alex. Have fun bubbles.
Holy fuck, do I have it right? Cables in there, power's on.
She's on. Everything's on. Here we go.
She's all tuned up, polished. There's your pick.
Have a good one.
Let's do it.
I think when I saw what ricky and julian did for bubbles And the lengths that they went to to just, uh, Make him happy for that one little moment.
Here you go alex.
How's it going bubbles? You alright?
I'm doing alright. I'm doing alright. You're playing a good show.
Perfect. You did a great job today. Everything sounds good.
Everything's in tune.
Thanks alex.
Thanks alex.
That was a fucking awesome concert man.
You're fucking right it was an awesome concert.
Alex, he still has something to say to you. Rick.
Yeah ricky.
I just want to apologize for some of the shit that went down earlier.
Even though it totally wasn't my fault, but it happened And I guess I was a bit of a dick and you were A bit of a dick and there was a lot of people being dicks.
Everyone can be a dick sometimes, but let's not worry about it alright.
Can you come show me some fucking guitar chords?
After what we've been through today, I'd love to.
I tried to do "closer to the heart" but I got it messed up.
I got the pick in hand.
Yeah. Oh, yeah, this is easy. Just move up one position there.
There you go, try that. [grunts]
Should one of us sing it?
Who did you have in mind?
I've been helping out at trinity's school with this junior achievers thing, Which is awesome: it helps the kids get their thinking clearer about business.
And it's fucking great. I've been learning a lot too.
It's amazing how much of it applicates to what me and julian do.
Profit counting, supply and command, all that shit.
It's the same whether you're breaking the law or not as far as I'm concerned.
And not only that but they're great kids and I don't mind helping out.
Right now I'm making them some pancakes. They should be here in a few minutes.
Stay where you are ricky!
Get the hell out of here lahey. I don't have time for your bullshit today.
That's it mr. Lahey. That's it. Ricky frigging painted it. Get over.
What the fuck are you talking about randy? That's not your barbeque.
I traded it for a carton of smokes you stupid idiot!
Yeah julian, jim lahey here. Yeah. Public idiot number one Has gone one step too far. We're in the eye of a shit-icane Here julian. Ricky is a low shit system.
Give me the fucking phone. Julian this is ricky, Lahey is snooping around my, oh - this fucking thing.
Ricky, that barbeque is mine. It was a special gift to me And I'm taking the friggin thing back.
You gonna hit me with that? Huh?
I'll hit you with this thing.
Just give us the god-damned barbeque back please ricky!
Lahey, why don't you go home and have another drink.
And you. Why don't you put a fucking shirt on. It's disgusting.
Make me ricky!
Ricky, stay away from me. Just give me my barbeque.
I'll put a shirt on you.
What the fuck!
How do you like that, huh?
You like that randy? You fucking asshole!
Guys, guys. What's up with the bats?
It appears that both these gentlemen claim ownership of that barbeque.
Look, I admit, the barbeque looks a lot like randy's, but it's not his.
I got it at a yard sale and the serial numbers accidentally Got scraped off and it got repainted. It's not his.
I could prove that it's mine even without a serial number And even though it's been painted. 100%.
How are you going to do that randy?
I'll show you ricky, let's go.
Randy, forget it. He's probably ruined it anyway. Let's go.
But mr. Lahey, you know how much that barbeque means to me. It was a gift.
Randy, that's enough.
Mr. Lahey?
It's probably corey and trevor that stole your barbeque.
It's my barbeque. Don't break it.
Don't break that randy.
Ricky, what do you think you're doing?
How many times do I have to say it - no stealing inside of the park.
There's a lot of money in barbeques. They're easy to steal And the best part is, house insurance covers it so nobody really gives a shit.
The cops can't be bothered.
And at the flea market, you know, you get fifty bucks a pop For them which is awesome. And if you steal and sell Four at a time, it's theft under a thousand and community service, Worst case. Bubbles is even helping out.
This here is where we repaint them, strip em down, Swap all the parts out. Can't tell where they came from then.
It's just like working on shopping carts really And I'm damn good at that. Check this baby out.
That there is called a super double bunk-be-que.
I built that myself. I'd like to see the red blue green cocksucker Put one of those together, duct-taping it.
I just wish I could steal more than four barbeques at a time.
You know, it pisses me off. Get this over with, pay for the cruise in no time.
But oh no, julian's afraid of getting caught and going to jail. Ridiculous.
Okay, kids. The first thing we have to do Is decide what kind of small business we want to start up.
When I was younger, we used to collect pop bottles and cans, We mowed lawns, we fixed up old shopping carts and sold them.
So, what do we want to do for a small business for you guys.
We gotta think about that.
What do you do?
I, uh, I remarket barbeques.
Daddy steals barbeques and sells them at the flea market.
Could we steal some?
Sure you could, But it's not that simple. Cause you could go to jail.
No, we can't go to jail. We've learned in school about the youth justice act.
Kids under twelve can't go to grown up jail.
So we could steal as many barbeques as you want, and no jail.
Yes, you could.
You're doing an awesome job bubbles.
I know julian and I love doing this kind of stuff.
Good afternoon gentlemen.
Oh, every time I start having fun.
Looks like industrial arts class here julian.
No actually jim, I'm fixing some barbeques for some friends.
Could you please get off my property?
Just dropped by with a word of advice julian.
Ricky stole my barbeque, julian. I want it back.
Randy, a lot of barbeques look alike.
You must be on drugs or confused or something like you usually are.
I don't get confused about barbeques, julian.
I know which one's mine. I can prove it.
Enough. Julian, I'm collecting paperwork And when I get enough, I can evict anyone from this park.
You, ricky, even bubbles here. And you know why?
Because you all signed on the dotted line. I'm watching you, julian.
Like a shithawk. Like a shithawk.
Come on randy.
Julian, what's a shithawk? Some kind of a shitty bird That swoops down and puts poop onto you or something.
Bubbles, shithawks don't exist okay? He's just drunk. Don't listen to him.
Well, can he boot us out of the park like he said he could?
No, he's just being a dick. Listen man, There's no way this operation is going to draw heat, okay?
I promise you that. Everything is going to be cool.
Just keep up the good work man. Don't worry about it.
Yeah, everything'll be cool. Just like it's cool every other time You promise me and you go back to jail and I'm left here by myself, With shithawks flying around. shit ropes coming after me, Shitty this and shitty that.
Hurry up daddy, we have to get to school.
Okay sweetie, just help with the barbeque.
Get in the car, put your seatbelts on. I'll be down in a minute.
Hey, hey, hey. What the hell do you think you're doing?
Uh, my name's trevor, I'm just here from the city.
Oh yeah, is that right?
Ah, fuck.
What the fuck! What the fuck are you doing?
That's my god-damned barbeque.
How do you like that? fucking feels pretty fucking good, doesn't it?
Ah. Ow. I'm gonna call the cops on you.
Go ahead. They stole the barbeque. I was trying to return it.
What are you doing man? You fucked my jump up dude.
I warned you too many times boys. No bike ramps in sunnyvale trailer park.
Stop fucking around, give me my shit. Hey!
What do you say, I buy us a couple of cheeseburgers randy. My treat.
I don't feel like cheeseburgers right now mr. Lahey.
Oh come on, randy, cheer up. It's only a barbeque.
I'll get you another one.
You don't get it do you mr. Lahey? I'm tired of living our lives like this.
I need some water trin. Go up and get some fucking water.
Ah. Trinity please, I need water.
Sorry about this kids, I just got some stuff in my eyes here.
Thanks kid.
Ah, you forgot your lunch.
Oh thanks.
Is everything alright here?
Yeah, I'm the junior achievers instructor.
I'm constable erica miller.
Hi. Randy uh, lahey. Kids, I got a busy day.
Trinity, math class.
Oh no.
See you next week kids.
I just got some barbeques for friends here And I'm just at the point right now to get that door put on And safety inspection and stuff, so I gotta run.
Sorry about that. Nice meeting you.
Yeah, good to meet you.
Ricky? What happened to your eyes? You look like alice cooper.
Some old cocksucker sprayed me with fucking mace.
Sprayed with mace? Ricky, there's seven barbeques there.
Do you call that keeping a low profile?
The achievers took them under the youth justice act julian.
Nobody can do jack shit--
Wait, wait, wait. What do you mean?
You mean the fucking kids stole those barbeques?
Well, it was their idea. It's no big deal.
Oh no, it's no big deal ricky. They're just little kids.
He's right ricky.
Do you know how fucked up that is?
No more stealing barbeques with kids okay?
That's worse than theft over a thousand.
No it's not. I think we should Take full advantage of this youth justice act man.
Steal all the fucking barbeques we can. Twenty a day. fuck it!
Ricky. Those laws are there to protect kids, Not to allow goofballs like you to put them in a car with no door on it And drive around the fucking neighbourhood stealing barbeques.
Jesus randy for the love of god!
Relax mr. Lahey.
Looks like we have company.
Good afternoon gentlemen.
Good day officer.
What can I do for you?
I'm looking for a mr. Lahey.
I was told he lives in this trailer.
Jim lahey, trailer park supervisor. This is my, uh--
Hi I'm randy, weekend trailer park supervisor.
Randy lahey? Are you two brothers?
That's strange. I'm looking for a randy lahey, he wears track pants, Drives a 1975 new yorker passenger side door missing.
Do either of you know anyone fitting this description?
Do we ever.
Hey jimmy, what's going on man?
Hey, ray, mind your own business. fuck you lahey. Prick!
Could we talk about this inside?
Hello. What!? fuck, guys, guys, guys, guys, Stop for a second. Where? One car? Alright, thanks.
Who's that julian?
It was your dad.
There's a cop at lahey's asking questions about barbeques ricky!
Oh fuck, I don't like the sounds of that boys.
It's no big deal.
Alright, alright, alright.
Let's load up the wagon with barbeques boys.
What are we going to do with them julian?
We're going to hide them in the lake behind ray's trailer. fuck that julian, do you realize the bullshit I went through To get these fucking things.
Ricky, the fucking cops are here.
It's your fault.
It's only a few fucking barbeques.
We're not taking any chances here rick. Come on.
Nice going corey.
We're going to need a rope or something bubbles?
Mr. Lahey, how long have--
How long have you been a policeman?
Woman. Eight years.
Would you like a cup of tea?
No thank you.
Where did you train?
The ontario police academy.
Krispie square?
Oh thank you.
So we've had a lot of reports of barbeques being stolen In the glendale subdivision.
I imagine.
I have a feeling that this ricky character might be involved.
Yeah, probably. Ricky stole my barbeque this morning.
I can prove it.
Not now randy.
You see mr. Lahey, that's what I'm talking about!
Randy! Please, not now.
Anyway, maybe we should go and find ricky And ask him about this little name mix-up.
Absolutely. Lead the way.
Do you want a cucumber sandwich mr. Lahey?
How's it going guys?
Julian, a couple of questions.
Mr. Lahey, please, I'll take care of this.
Julian is it?
Yeah, that's right.
Constable erica miller.
Nice to meet you erica.
Constable miller. So julian, where is your friend ricky?
I don't know.
You don't know.
What the fuck are you guys doing?
I figured it out ricky, if we put four water wings on each barbeque, They'll only sink about a foot and we won't get muck on to them.
Good idea bubbles.
What's the hose for?
Breathing apparatus man.
Gotta hide the barbeques and hide from the cops at the same fucking time.
Get these in the water, boys.
Get 'em in, boys.
When was the last time you saw him?
Geez, rick? Uh, it's been a while. Uh, a few days.
So what you're telling me is you have no idea where your friend is.
Is that what you're trying to tell me? Is that what you're saying?
I haven't got a clue.
Yeah, right julian. Listen, this park isn't that big. Let's go find him.
Well, you're probably not going to find him, Because he's probably at, getting gr-groceries or-- getting gr-gr-groceries julian? What is he going to buy chicken fingers?
So now he's grocery shopping?
Okay julian, let's get in the car.
Hey boys, suit up. You're going in.
No way, that's ridiculous dude. I ain't getting in there.
Get the fuck in the water boys! fuck that. I'm not going in.
There's leeches.
Yeah, there's snakes and shit man.
Oh, you're not going in? Grab corey!
Oh, you fuckers.
Get to work dickweed. Ricky, listen.
Someone's coming. We gotta get in the lake.
Bubbles, there's no lurches in there is there?
Oh ricky, leeches won't hurt you. Get the fuck in the lake.
Get these barbeques under water.
Underwater quick, cops are coming.
See look, what did I tell you. He's probably at the grocery store.
We got a 10-38 here officer. We got ricky's car, We got a trailer of barbeque parts, bubbles' go-cart.
Voila, the barbeque.
Mr. Lahey, please, that's enough. So julian, You have no idea where your friends are?
Okay boys, everybody. Out of the water, let's go.
Come on boys.
Hi ricky! I thought your name was randy lahey.
Well, lahey's my mother's maiding name.
Her, her maiding name?
Her maiden name.
That's what I said, and people call me randy at school. No big deal. You got a cigarette.
Hands on the barbeque. Let's go.
And while we're at it, where are the rest of them?
I don't know. There was people down here having a barbeque earlier But they took off. I don't know.
You boys are in a lot of trouble over this, So just tell me where they are now. Tell me where they are ricky.
I have no idea what you're talking about. No idea.
You have the right to retain And instruct council in private without delay.
This means that before we proceed with our investigation [both]: you may call any lawyer you wish.
Jim, please.
Yeah, fuck off lahey.
If you are charged with an offence...
[both]: ...You may also apply to legal aid for assistance.
Do you understand?
I understand.
Thanks a lot corey and trevor. I can't believe you guys did this to me.
You fucking framed me.
I just came down here to have a little swim. I'm not even involved.
Listen officer, I didn't say anything about this before because It's a little bit embarrassing but yes, we did steal those barbeques.
I know it's greasy but, ricky and I, we just got out of prison And we're still on probation. I don't want to be in trouble here.
Come on. That's the truth.
Actually it's not the truth.
The truth is there was a guy on the barbeques.
Listen, rick no. That's not the truth. Officer.
I've got a drinking problem, and ricky, he's got a dope problem, Them two, they've got mental problems. We're all a little bit fucked up here But we'd never hurt anybody. Ricky and I have been trying to find a job Since we got out of jail; no one will hire us; we've been really trying hard.
It's true, I mean, you know what it's like trying to put a daughter Through school and buying books and contractor sets And everything like that and cigarettes. It's tough.
Listen, this will never happen again. You've got my word.
You've got both our words, right rick?
Oh honesty, huh? That's your new approach is it?
Come on, cut us a break on this one, please?
I'll never touch another barbeque again and I'll never break the law.
We'll never break the law.
I have your word?
You've got my word. Please, I don't want to go back to jail.
If I even see that shitmobile on the road again, or you in the driver seat Or any of you near a barbeque, there will be no warning. Do you understand?
I understand. Listen, I'm ashamed of myself officer.
And you know, I believe him. I really do.
I, I believe that he wants to change.
I think the problem is this ricky character.
So you're just giving us a warning?
You're not buying this shit?
Get those barbeques out of the water.
Get them back to their rightful owners.
Thanks officer.
I'm gonna keep my eye on you.
I think julian is a really good person. I really do.
I think that, uh, he's just been influenced by ricky.
Don't fucking shove me randy. Lahey, don't fucking go there.
Corey, trevor, get in the vehicle. Get in the car, right now.
Ricky, that barbeque has sentimental value to me. This is the lowest julian.
You don't steal from people in the park. I want my barbeque.
Know what randy, you're totally right. You know what I'm going to do for you.
Jack shit.
Many are called ricky.
And many can fuck off lahey. Holy fuck.
Ricky, that's it with barbeques. Alright, that was way too close.
What the fuck are you talking about? I risked my life And my eyesight for those fucking things.
That's it, okay? We're just going to stay focused on this cruise now.
Remember, let's set sail, we're not going to jail.
Well, we almost went to jail there buddy.
No we didn't.
Yes we did.
Where are you going?
I've got stuff to do. Give these guys a hand with those barbeques.
Boys, can I come out now? I think I've got a leech on to my bird.
Bubbles, it's all clear.
Apparently I'm not allowed to fucking drive anymore.
So, trevor, front seat, let's go.
Hands off the barbeque julian.
Put your hands on the car. Let's go.
I can explain this okay.
Yeah, I thought you were finished with barbeques julian.
I thought you were a man of your word.
I was just taking this one back.
To who? To randy? This is randy's barbeque.
Yes, yes, check it out. Look, he's got his name Engraved underneath it there, look.
To randy. I love you bud. Thank you for the best years of my life.
Mr. Lahey?
Now this is a little different than most transmissions.
First up, drive doesn't work but third does. Neutral is park, Reverse is second. If you want to use reverse, put it in drive.
You got it?
Yeah, I got it.
And the accelerator sticks so be careful but don't be afraid of it, You gotta give it to her or it's gonna stall.
I can do this ricky.
I fucking hope so trevor.
Now take it for a little test drive and get used to it.
I know how to drive man.
You also know how to be stupid And I don't want you to fuck this up cause this is my home.
Turn around. I guess this makes sense.
Yeah. Nobody knows about those two but me.
It's kind of a touchy subject so just keep that between you and me.
Yeah, yeah. So you really care about these guys?
Erica, I care about everybody in this park.
There's a lot of really good, hard working people decent Intelligent people that live here.
What the fuck happened?
Get out of the car hairdo, let's go.
My god, what happened here boys?
Trevor stole my car and crashed into lahey's trailer.
Nice going trevor, thanks.
Listen, listen, listen. Who's that?
Oh my god, it's randy.
Everybody stay back.
No mr. Lahey.
Are you okay?
I'm okay buddy.
Randy, are you okay?
Thanks buddy. I'm alright.
What in the fuck are you dressed up like a bumblebee for?
And why do you look like indianapolis jones?
It's none of your god-damned business ricky.
If you must know, randy and I were rehearsing for a play for The blandford recreation centre next Thursday.
No, mr. Lahey, we weren't rehearsing for a play.
We were practicing randy.
It's not Halloween, we're not doing community theatre.
We're consenting adults.
And what we do in the privacy of our own home is fine, mr. Lahey.
And I don't care, I don't care if the whole world knows That we like to get dressed up, and we like to have some fun.
And that we're a couple.
Hey everybody, we're gay.
Say it mr. Lahey. It feels great.
Alright randy.
Have it your way.
I'm gay.
Jim, erica, let's end this without charges okay?
It was just an accident. Nobody got hurt.
Julian, everybody knows I'm gay.
Somebody's gotta pay for the damage to my god-damned trailer.
Mr. Lahey, julian saved my life.
Look, I even brought back randy's barbeque Cause I knew it meant so much to him.
Well the trailer really is not that bad you know.
Not bad at all.
Just a scratch really. A few pieces of lumber, you can fix it up.
Somebody's gotta pay for this. Corey, trevor you fucked up.
Come on, an officer knows when to give a guy a break.
Right officer.
Alright... Deal.
Okay guys, clean this shit up.
So how long have you lived in sunnyvale.
Thirty-two years.
Thirty-two years. And you've known ricky for how long?
All my life.
So same. And you live here by yourself?
I thought we were all finished with this investigation.
What are you talking about?
Is there something else going on here?
Are you insinuating that I'm hitting on you? Is that what you're saying?
Wanna come in for a drink?
Hit em, ricky!
It's the fucking championship game trevor.
Nice hit, ricky. Nice hit.
Give it to him ricky!
Well today is the anniversary of the day mr. Lahey Got kicked off the force, so I'm trying to cheer him up.
Especially after what happened last week.
And they still haven't fixed that yet.
So I'm making mr. Lahey some comfort food.
I picked these buttercups And froze them here in this ice cube tray.
I saw it on the designer guys.
Here's your drink mr. Lahey.
Oh, thanks rand.
Come on corey, get her. Get her, corey, you can do it. fuck off trevor.
Third man. Third man in right here.
Oh, aw, I give, I give, I give.
Good fight, good fight.
Third man in, he still got beat up by a girl.
I wasn't holding it. fucking penalty shot.
I could have scored there.
Penalty shot for ricky.
Get the fuck out of the way trevor.
That's a penalty shot.
It's fucking lemonade. Haven't we got anything stronger than that?
I remember the first time I put it on.
I can't deal with this randy. Not today.
That's okay mr. Lahey. Everything's fine.
Let's just go to the liquor store.
Good idea randy. I'm getting drunk today. Big time.
Lahey, I know you're fucking in there, and I know you can hear me. Give us back our fucking ball.
I don't have time for your bullshit today.
Ricky, can't we just have one day of no yelling And no horseshit and just play some fucking hockey.
Mr. Lahey, can you please give us our ball back?
Give us back our fucking ball you drunk son of a bitch.
Boys, boys, boys, ricky, jesus.
Rick, rick, rick. Don't get him going.
We don't need lahey fucking up our plans later.
It's not worth it.
Over the past couple of weeks, I don't know what is going on with lahey.
He is drinking a lot more. He is fucking drunk today.
He's starting to push my buttons.
And that's not cool cause I'm not going to allow that to happen.
It's like he's got these things going on upstairs In his brain compartment that aren't working properly.
He's got these fucking pike-ological shit going on And he better watch himself, he's going to get hammered.
Randy's got our ball, I bet.
Calm down guys, calm down here. Julian, a word please.
Julian, I just wanted to ask you, I'm asking nicely here.
Would you guys mind not fucking around with mr. Lahey today, please.
Where the fuck is our ball at, no shirt boy.
Just a little respect julian, that's all I'm asking for.
Randy, just give us our ball back. It's the third period. We're almost done.
And we're going to play no matter what you say anyway.
Fine then. Sorry julian. It's Saturday.
I'm the weekend trailer park supervisor.
The game is over. I'm shutting it down.
Oh, come on, randy.
Have it your way then, randy. Have fun dealing with ricky.
Rick, you've got permission to do whatever you want here.
Thanks, buddy.
Julian, do you think that's a good idea?
Mr. Lahey, they're dertermined not to stop the game.
And mr. Lahey, you're wearing your old uniform?
Yeah. Change is as good as the rest, randy.
[yelling] I want that fucking ball back.
They want the ball back. We going to give it to them, randy?
I'm not giving the ball back, mr. Lahey.
That would relinquish control of the park.
I'm proud of you boy. I taught you well. Let's go to the lc.
Trevor, can you go and buy us a ball.
I want the game ball.
Ray, kojak got a wig on. Ray!
Ray, kojak do got a wig on.
Holy fuck lahey, it's not hallowe'en yet.
Or are you and randy rehearsing for one of those plays you're always in.
What is it, dress up as drunk cop day, lahey?
Or is it give us our fucking ball back day, huh?
Mr. Lahey?!
Go on to cheeseburger depot.
Ricky, something's not right with him.
He's a fucking idiot, that's what's not right with him.
No no ricky. I've never seen lahey do that before.
He didn't even do anything when I said that nasty thing to him.
Alright, the game is postponed until further notice. Nobody wins.
Come on, julian.
We've got to go grab those bottles at the school.
We're getting real close to going on the cruise.
By tomorrow we need three thousand dollars to put down or we lose our tickets.
And is that trinity did this fund raiser for her school to go on a class trip.
They raised a bunch of money for empty bottles.
We raised three fucking grand in the trailer park alone.
And basically what happened was is they said, Trinity is not allowed to go on the trip.
She got caught smoking on school grounds which is bullshit.
What we said is "fuck that", we're going to go down there, Take those bottles back, they're ours anyway, Put it towards our own fucking trip. Pisses me off.
Like I went to school, the education system complicated Everything up for me and it's still going on. fuck the education system. Do it our own way.
Come on, buddy. We're making our first down payment on the cruise, rick.
We'll play hockey later.
Come on ricky, the cruise.
The game is postponed cause no mo-fuckers can go up To canadian mo-fucker and buy a new orange mo-fucker for$2.99. That's whack, jules.
Boys, I'm busy. We'll play later.
The next time you come in here, sir, you have to wear a shirt.
The shirt thing again.
Yes, I'm afraid so, sir.
I don't wear shirts.
Look, it says right there.
No shirt, no service. You have to wear a shirt I can take my business--
Give me the fucking money! Give me the money!
Ah, shit!
Oh, shit.
Mr. Lahey, that guy just robbed the liquor store. You're a hero.
Great work, officer. We've been trying to nail this asshole For about three weeks. You're the first cop who's been able to get him.
No problem. All in a day's work. Call this in downtown for me.
My assistant and I have some undercover work to do.
Mr. Lahey.
Today's the day we regain control Of sunnyvale trailer park, Randy. By whatever means necessary.
No more mister nice guy.
What do you say we get the old bike out?
The day that J rock loses his flow Is the day that hair on jim lahey's bald head grow.
Check it out t. Starsky and gut.
Alright boys. Here's the scoop.
The federal government has officially declared sunnyvale a town.
This envelope contains all the legal documentation.
You are all entitled to read it but I don't advise it Because you're all too stupid.
Randy and I are now sunnyvale official policeman.
That's right, I'm back.
The rules of engagement have changed.
You've got fifteen seconds to get these boys Off the street. Move.
You got ten seconds before you pass out From being so drunk.
Don't forget to tell ricky and julian the good news.
Officer jim lahey is back on the job.
Because he's just going around the trailer park telling Everybody that sunnyvale is now a town.
Is that even possible?
Well, he used to be the trailer park supervisor.
Well, yeah, I got your messages and--
Brian, this is sarah. So are you saying that sunnyvale Could legally be a town with its own police force?
Really? Alright, no we'll call you back.
No, we're busy this weekend. Sorry.
So what did brian, the big fancy lawyer, have to say.
Well, he said it's possible.
Bullshit. Lahey got fired from the police force years ago. He's not a cop.
He's just a drunk trailer park supervisor.
Time to canvas the park for complaints from the good citizens About ricky and julian. They're going down randy, today.
Mr. Lahey, you're taking things way too far.
And I'm not comfortable pretending to be a cop.
Pretending?! When you keep getting pelted With shit balls, deputy, you gotta get a shit bat.
I'm working on a plan to make some money today.
So I want everyone to stay away from lahey And don't push any of his buttons. Alright, ricky?
Yeah, even if lahey is a cop, there's nothing he can do.
He has nothing on us.
Well randy, we have 5 counts of gas siphoning, 42 counts of weapons discharge, 67 counts of lewd and obnoxious behaviour and over 100 counts of theft under one thousand dollars.
Mr. Lahey, most of that stuff happened years ago.
You can't charge them for this now.
Randy, the shit pool is getting full.
We better strain it before it over flows and causes a shit slide That could cover this entire community.
I will not have a pompeian catastrophe happening in sunnyvale.
That was lava, not shit, sir.
Don't get smart with me, randy. It's cop talk. Listen and learn.
Hey t, check it out. It's rocky and bull-mo-fucker. On they bike.
Rap concert's over boys. This is your final notice.
You understand, jamie?
Man, I know you didn't just call me, jamie.
My name isj rock. I'd like to see you try that whack shit on julian and ricky Cause they won't play it.
It just so happens that I got a warrant for ricky and julian's arrest.
You haven't seen the guys around? We got a couple of questions for them.
I got a question for randy.
Free willy, does cheeseburgers ever blow out your blow hole, You know what I'm saying?
You watch your fucking mouth.
Mr. Lahey, calm down.
Man, my mom gave me this for graduating grade nine.
Okay, boys.
Hands on the hood. You're both under arrest.
Frig off randy.
Give me a little information on ricky and julian boys And maybe I won't throw you in jail for theft under a thousand dollars.
No way!
We wouldn't sell our boys out.
After all the shit and disrespect they lay on you, You boys would risk imprisonment for those shit idiots?
Prison boys?!
Ricky's stealing bottles from trinity's school today.
It's true.
Release them randy.
Get out of here.
Search the car. We've got to nail those shit-iots. Move!
Mr. Lahey. Shouldn't we wait and catch them in the act.
Nyyah-nyah-nyah, nyah, nyah, nyah.
Randy, we leave our jurisdiction, We don't have the authority. Now search the car.
What the fuck are lahey and randy doing, Wearing cop uniforms with fake guns?
Is that a fucking toupee he's got on?
Lucy! Sarah!
Those guys are fucked.
He looks like a totally different guy.
We've got a warrant for ricky's arrest. We know he's in there.
They got a warrant do they?
I'm not letting him in here.
What a fucking joke. What are you going to do lahey?
Shoot me with your toy gun. [gun shot]
Mr. Lahey!?
Shut up, randy.
Ladies, don't make me charge you for--
You guys got any guns here?
No, we don't have any guns.
Distract him. I have to talk to julian.
I call my lawyer.
You've got three seconds to open the door.
Three, two...
Okay, so we come up in the tow truck like this.
And we hook it up to the truck with the bottles in it.
And we haul that cocksucker over to your buddy At the bottle exchange.
And then we take the bottle truck back to the school.
Then we take the tow truck back over to the junk yard.
And we do it all at lunch hour.
Exactly. The junk yard employee And the school security guy, they're at lunch.
So I take three grand down to the travel agency, Put down our down payment.
No gun is ever used. No chance of going to jail.
That sounds like a chance of going to jail right there.
That better not be ricky fucking around.
It is ricky.
Lahey's lost it. He's shooting at me.
Get down. He's shooting through the window.
You guys finally drove lahey completely bananas.
He's lost it.
Julian, give me a gun. If I go to jail, I go to jail.
But I'm not letting lahey send me there. That's not right.
Julian, you said no guns.
Boys, relax. We don't need guns and we're not going to a jail.
Julian, you've got three seconds before I shoot the door in.
Ricky, where's your car?
It's at lucy's.
Alright, we're gonna go out back.
Bubbles, you distract him as if we're still here, alright?
How do I do that julian?
Mr. Lahey, please, you're scaring me. Put your gun away.
Someone could get hurt here.
This is julian, I've got everything under control.
Yeah, fuck off lahey. This is ricky.
I've got my hand caught in the sink and I'm fucking stoned.
Don't shoot the door, you dick.
Bubbles, is that you?
No this is julian. Bubbles is collecting carts.
Mr. Lahey.
Convicts on the run. fuck off! Stop fucking firing.
Get off sunnyvale property. Let's go, come on.
Okay gentlemen. Exit the vehicle please.
Lahey, don't fucking shoot me.
Hands up.
No sudden movements or I will shoot. Weapons on the ground.
Jim listen. We don't have any weapons on us.
No sudden moves. Turn that off, please.
Gentlemen, I'm a reasonable man. Do you know what this is?
Walkie talkie?
Jesus, what the fuck was that fucking thing.
It's a stun gun ricky. [sounds of stun gun]
Didn't I tell you to turn that off.
Ow! fuck!
Come on, give me the keys. I'm impounding this vehicle.
There's no keys for it. It's like a lawn mower.
Get out of here!
Don't, don't.
Bubbles, clear out. Clear out.
Snap out of it, lahey. What's wrong with you, you crazy bastard?
Clear out. We're just doing a little park cleaning here.
You can't fucking retain me.
Lahey, I know you're watching and can hear me.
Let me the fuck out of here. I swear to christ you are going to pay for this bullshit When I fucking break the fuck out of here!
Ricky, ricky, ricky, calm down. Ricky, Calm down so I can think for minute alright? Calm down.
What do you mean think for a minute? Look at us for fuck's sakes. fucked over, being electromocuted, the cruise money's fucked, I'll probably never play hockey again for fuck's sakes.
All because of jim lahey.
Calm down ricky. You guys, calm down. Julian.
You fucking calm down randy.
Listen, mr. Lahey's going crazy here, guys. I've never seen him--
What the hell is going on here deputy?
Nothing is going on here mr. Lahey. Just calming the prisoners down.
You put your gun away.
I left orders to follow a no mercy policy here.
Lahey, I have to take a piss. You're losing your fucking mind.
Permission denied. Go get the delousing powder, randy.
I'm going to hose these little fuckers down.
Mr. Lahey, this is cruel and unusual punishment And it's against the law.
Against the law is it randy? Well I am the law.
Go get the chains and the orange gag balls.
What the fuck are gag balls.
You'll find out.
Jim, can you take time out for a minute And think about what you're doing here, please?
Julian, I know exactly what I'm doing here.
Chains. Bolt cutters.
Bubbles, where's julian? I need to talk to him.
Oh, it's no problem. Officer lahey just locked him up In his fucking jail shed so just go visit them, that's fine.
In his jail? Look, he's not even a cop, bubbles.
I just talked to lucy's lawyer. He hasn't been put back on the force.
That doesn't surprise me. He's gone out of his mind.
Did you see his hair?
What are you doing?
I gotta go break them out.
I've got my chains. I'm gonna hook it to the thing.
Bubbles, bubbles. I got something to tell you.
Oh yeah, what is it randy? We're not cops. I already knew that.
I'm going to break the boys out right now.
You try to stop me, I fucking dare you.
Relax, relax, relax bubbles. Everything's gotten way out of control here.
Yeah, no kidding. I'm calling the cops in. Right now.
The real cops. Not the crazy, Fake, trailer park drunk, fat gut, crazy cops.
Bubbles, you can't call the cops in.
Why not?!
Because the real cops would humiliate mr. Lahey.
It might push him right over the edge.
Listen, I'll get your go-kart back for you, and I got a plan, but I need your help.
You'll get my go-kart back for me?
I'll get it back.
What's your plan then? Let's do it.
Good timing, deputy.
Mr. Lahey. Can you help me fix the tear in my pants?
Back to headquarters randy. I'll see what I can do.
Thanks, mr. Lahey.
How did you do this, randy?
I caught them on... When I was jumping the fence, mr. Lahey.
They're not torn randy. They've been cut.
No, no, I tore them on the fence.
What's going on here, randy?
Nothing, I just tore my pants.
You said that. Something smells fishy here.
Stay calm boys. I'm going to get you out of here.
Be quiet, ricky. Be quiet.
I got it. We've got to be quiet.
Quiet. It's all right. Randy is distracting lahey.
We just gotta keep quiet.
Don't fucking move.
Mr. Lahey, calm down. Everything is going to be okay.
I called the police, mr. Lahey. You left me no choice.
You called the police randy?
That was a very unfortunate decision boy.
Boys, randy told me that somebody who thinks he's a cop Isn't actually a cop. He's just a drunk lunatic, So just don't do anything that's going to, ricky--
Put a gun to my head, you delusional drunk bastard.
All I ever wanted was a little bit of order In the park, randy. Make it a nice place to live.
One day you're a cop, and one day they take it all away from you.
I fucked up.
Are they going to send me to jail? fucking right you're going to jail! I'm gonna--
Frig off.
Boys, listen, listen, listen. The cops are coming.
Bubbles, get him out of here before he goes to jail.
Julian, we've got to work out a deal here.
We can't let mr. Lahey go back to jail.
You know what they do to ex-cops in jail.
We'll do anything, right, mr. Lahey.
Help me, julian.
Little too heavy on the booze, eh?
Just a...
Just one more little drinkee poo.
Please, julian. For ol' times sake.
Get these fucking chains off me, jim.
What's going on here, boys? We had reports of gun shots. gunshots? Geez, I can explain that.
Corey and trevor, they set a fire cracker off.
They were just celebrating. They had a little too much...
Celebrating what?
Mr. Lahey is donating 3,000 dollars To the sunnyvale trailer park street hockey team, aren't you, jim?
Yeah, that's right julian. Is credit card okay?
I prefer cash in advance, but that shouldn't be a problem, should it?
No, no problem, right mr. Lahey?
Whatever you think is fair julian.
Didn't think so. Anyway officer, sorry about the mix up.
Jim, why are you in your old police uniform?
We're practicing for a play at the...
Blandford recreation centre.
Hmm, nice fake.
That's your real badge, jim.
I'm going to have to confiscate that.
No, not my badge.
Sorry, jim. I can't let you wander around drunk Impersonating a police officer. Give me the badge.
I had two drinks.
And get rid of the hair, it looks ridiculous.
Copy that. I'll be there in two. Julian, that's it for now.
I might have to come by later, get information for my report.
What time will you be in?
I usually make dinner around 6. You can catch me then.
Copy that. Gentlemen.
Your hair looks fine, mr. Lahey.
What do you want julian?
I got this back for you.
Thanks julian.
Just don't put it on, or it's going to be my ass alright?
Thanks, jim.
Julian, I can't believe you let that shit fuck up our game today.
Listen, we reserved cruise tickets on time so shut up and let's play hockey.
Game on.
Let's go.
Go ricky. Scores! shit man, shit.
Dvd subtitling by cnst, montreal
What's wrong sweetie?
You're always in jail at christmas.
I'm gonna do my best to stay out of jail this year.
We're gonna go on the cruise instead of going to jail.
I'll tell you what. I got a great idea.
Why don't we have christmas today?
To make up for all the christmas I was in jail.
We'll have real presents and everything.
Come on out.
You're not allowed doing that. That's littering.
I've noticed that if you throw something into a water body like A lake or an ocean that the next day you come back and its gone.
So somehow it takes it away and filters It through and just cleans it up Like a garbage compactor or whatever.
So it's not really littering if you ask me.
That's fine. The water's gonna wash it all away, sweetie.
Ah, shit!
We're gonna have to borrow a tire from somebody, trin.
See, you have to count the number of bolts.
One, two, three, four, five.
And daddy's car has one, two, three, four, five.
So this tire will fit on daddy's car.
Here, try putting your foot up on there like this.
There you go. See, you can do it.
I did it!
Listen, how come you're not excited About going on this cruise?
I am excited, bubbles.
You know, I think it's pretty awesome.
Julian planning this whole thing and it worked out.
He's a good fucking thinker.
I just don't want to leave trinity, man.
I'm going to miss her and I want this to be The best christmas ever. I've got a lot of making up to do Cause I'm always in fucking jail at christmas.
Come on, boys. Let's pick up the cruise tickets. Come on!
Bubbles, get in the back.
I'll mess up my hair in the convertible.
There's your tickets.
Right on!
Wait, there's uh, one more right?
Bonus ticket special - buy seven, get one free.
There's only seven tickets here. There should be eight.
Ricky was supposed to phone me back to confirm the free ticket.
I left him three messages and he never returned my calls.
If you want to get a hold of ricky, You've got to go down to the car Or walk around the park looking for him, yelling for him.
You can't just phone him up.
There's only seven of us going anyway. It's no big deal.
Where's my ticket, ricky?
Julian, bubbles...
Corey, trevor, lucy, sarah, erica? Erica?
What the fuck, julian! Where's my ticket?
Julian never told anybody that he was going to use One of those for his new girlfriend.
Relax, alright! We can still get the bonus ticket now, right?
I'm sorry gentlemen. That promotion ended last week.
It's too late now. The ship sails at six.
Now ricky doesn't have a fucking ticket.
Sometimes you can just hear the things fucking shorting out in his brain.
I don't know what he's going to do.
And, we're going to try to make corey and trevor Come up with forty-two hundred dollars in about four hours.
It's kind of unfortunate that we've been paying In to the vacation pay With julian, but something, there was some kind of a mistake Or an accounting error and our, our money got lost.
Corey and trevor are as stupid as fuck.
If this is going to happen, I'm in charge of how we get the money, Cause I'm not stupid.
Oh, oh, julian.
The fastest way to get money is to steal a bank machine.
You just take a fucking chain, hook it up to a truck And yank the fucking bank machine out of the store.
The stupidest thing is the people that make the bank machines, They don't even check with the people that make the doors.
All they have to do is make the door smaller than the bank machine, You can't get the bank machine out.
Dude, I don't care how we do it but we're going on a cruise, man.
It's all about the ladies, dude. The ladies.
We're going to have to come back and get this Cause I still gotta do my laundry.
Yeah, man, let's rob the laundry-mat. shit, they got quarters and loonies.
That's a dope idea.
Do you have any tube socks? fuck man, that's what I was looking for.
So, ricky?
Corey and trevor stealing a bank machine.
Do you think that's a good idea?
I would have did it myself, bubbles, ut I'm not going back to jail.
Besides, julian's the one that screwed everything up.
Ricky, I just want you and erica to get along with each other okay, So could you please give her another chance?
You've got chicken on your lip.
Ricky... This doesn't look good.
He was having christmas dinner with his family, with his daughter.
There was a lot of unnecessary enforcement and reinforcement, and lahey comes in.
What the fuck's going on here?
I've been waiting a long time for this, boy.
For what?
You know the lease You signed for your lot, rick?
It said if you made more than five sunnyvale by-law infractions, You were out on your ass.
But I didn't, so fuck you.
Oh yeah? Outstanding lot fees with written warnings, Public drunkenness, trafficking,littering, excessive firearm discharge, Environmental oil test results. It's all there, officer.
Well, when ricky first got out of jail, mr. Lahey tricked him Into signing a legal thing saying that um, He'd abide by the sunnyvale rules and regulations.
And, you know, maybe ricky thought he could do it, I don't know.
You know what? You think you're so big and important, Showing off in front of the cops. Hat's what's going on here.
Just doing my job, ricky. A real job.
Something you'll never have the pleasure or mental capacity to understand.
I could do your fucking job in a second.
Not in a second. Never. You know why, rick?
Cause you're a loser.
At least he's not a drunk.
Daddy's gotta go take care of some bullshit, alright?
I'll be back in a bit and we'll finish celebrating christmas.
I'm sorry. I love you pumpkin. I'll be back in a bit.
Ricky kind of freaked out and threw a turkey, Which might have gone through a windshield of one of the cop cars, They're saying. But, it's like, anyone would have done that.
Holy fuck!
That was a perfectly good turkey.
Come here, fella.
Come here, buddy. It's still good.
Nah, no man should have to leave where he's from.
It shouldn't have happened.
You see this line? That's the freedom line, ricky.
You come back over that line and you go to jail.
Lke what, like this? Like that? Am I going to jail now?
If I had my choice, I probably wouldn't go back to jail, But jail is not that bad. I was getting pissed off At people here and the way I was being treated.
Sometimes, jail is better than this place.
Ah, once a criminal, always a criminal, huh?
That's what everybody thinks? Cause if that's the case, I may as well March my ass back to jail where it's nice and warm.
I'll spend the fucking winter getting drunk and stoned with good dope.
Is that the end of the great sunnyvale trailer park eviction speech, ricky?
Actually it's not. I hope you're fucking proud of yourself, Cause the end of my speech is fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck everybody.
Ricky, don't worry about this stuff, okay?
Corey and trevor, they're going to get the money.
So smarten up, man, enough of this crazy shit, rick.
You just don't get it, do you?
Have fun on your little cop cruise, alright?
Just remember what you gave up.
A fucking guy that you could get drunk with, get stoned with, Didn't ask any fucking questions about nothing.
Just hang out and have a good fucking time.
Broke the law here and there, we made what we did to get by.
Just remember, you gave that up for a fucking girlfriend, buddy.
A fucking cop girlfriend. I know I won't forget it. Thanks a lot.
Sorry, buddy. You have a good time on the cruise. You deserve it.
Everybody else can fuck off.
That was a good speech, ricky.
You want to come visit me julian, I'll be in jail.
Thanks, buddy.
Oh fuck.
Excuse me, sir, can you please step twenty feet away From the pump and extinguish your cigarette?
Can you please fuck off? Thank you.
Come on, ricky, put it out. You got me fired from nine jobs Already this summer and I can't handle it.
I'm gonna call the cops.
Go ahead, jacob.
Call the fucking cops. I dare ya.
But you know what, you're not gonna call the cops are you?
Cause you're scared. Please call them.
I want to fucking go to jail anyway. dick!
Yeah, I'm calling them. Yes,I'd like to report a robbery, please.
Ah, fuck off, jacob!
It's a black car with no door and a bunch of crap hanging off the back.
Some freak driving it. Yeah, the gas station.
I can't believe this shit!
Did that guy steal something?
He stole a bunch of shit.
Did he tell you to call the cops?
He was daring me to and I called them. They're on their way.
Look, my friend has psychological problems.
I want you to call the cops back and tell them you fucked up.
He stole about two hundred bucks worth of shit. Like, I don't know.
Here. There's seventy bucks. That should cover it.
Uh. I'm gonna get in shit with my boss.
And here's twenty bucks for calling the cops back. Are we cool?
Yeah man, we're cool.
Thanks, man.
Hey, everybody, come on over here, please.
Just want you guys to know that I am drunk as fuck, Driving around town drunk.
I'm on dope and I want you to call the police.
I want to go back to jail. Please. Not only that, But I've got a loaded hand gun right here.
I'm gonna start firing this off. So please call the cops.
What, you're not going to call the police? fucking julian. Great!
You've got two options here, okay?
One, go on this awesome cruise with all your friends, All-inclusive, have a good time.
Or number two, go to jail. This isn't a difficult decision, ricky.
I'm not going on the cruise if erica is.
So I guess I'm going the fuck back to jail.
Erica's just got this attitude like she's better than everybody else Just cause she's wearing a fucking badge and that's bullshit.
She's not better than me, we just have different occupations or whatever.
I'm just as good as she is.
You've changed man.
Meet me back at the trailer park.
Sure, julian.
I'm not joking here.
I'll meet you back there. I'll be there in two minutes. No problem.
You just wait for me. I'll be right there, buddy. fuck that, we're going somewhere else. Come with me, guys.
Alright! Somebody come and fucking arrest me, please.
I need you to keep an eye on ricky for a little while, okay?
I want to go to jail.
He won't listen to me.
I think he really wants to go back to jail.
"closed for renovations"! This is fucked!
Alright, julian. I'll do it but...
Don't you notice the look ricky has in his eye.
That crazy look.
I've seen that before and it scares me.
I don't want anything stupid to ruin this cruise on us.
Hey, everybody! How you doing? This is my friend mr. gun.
My special guest smith & wesson says get your ass down And give me some quarters. This is a stick up, real deal, Real gun, full cooperation and no one gets done.
Yeah, so listen to me cause that's what I say.
Stop fucking rapping, this is the real thing.
Down please, miss. Down. Down.
Alright, you just keep doing what you're doing.
Your cool. That's alright.
Tall boy, get down! Don't make me fucking get up there. Down!
Alright, we want your change. Give us your change now.
Dude, just take the fucking quarters.
Please, get on the ground.
Look at these little things of detergent. We should take these too.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
This thing's awesome, man!
That's a little big. I can't drive this shit.
I'll drive it. Just get us in there, man.
So, what did you want to talk about?
Listen, we've got to work this whole ricky situation out.
I know you don't think too highly of him and everything, But he's a good guy, he's my best friend.
I really want him to go on this cruise with us.
No offence, julian. Ricky's a skid. He belongs in jail.
When are you going to grow up and see that?
Look, I know you guys go way back but, This isn't junior high school anymore.
Lahey's right. Ricky's a loser.
I really think it's time for you to get out of the park, julian.
The people you hang out with are fucked up.
Where'd you get the coins, boys?
Uh, we were gambling with trevor's grandmother.
But, we weren't gambling though. We were just...
Why don't you call me when you're finished with your friends.
Don't be pulling shit like that in front of erica again, you got it?
Sorry, dude. But man, we got the money.
Eighteen hundred bucks in quarters.
Man, we're going on the trip. A-rah!
Eighteen hundred bucks.
You know what? That's not enough.
Now roll that fucking coin up and go get some more money.
I don't understand why you'd want to give up the finer things in life.
Like getting drunk and stoned with your friends.
Settle down for, well that's ridiculous.
And I want to go on this cruise, but I'm not going With julian and his police officer girlfriend. fuck that!
All I know is when I'm seventy years old And I'm sitting on my front porch, still getting drunk and stoned With my friends, who's going to be happier, me or him?
I guarantee you, it's going to be fucking me.
Oh my god, ricky. What have you done now?
Come on, julian... Come on, answer...
Julian, it's me.
You've got to get down to the liquor store.
Ricky's inside. He's getting drunk and he's swearing.
Bubbles, I see you out there. I'm not stupid.
There's a fucking camera crew too. Don't fucking film me.
He's whipping bottles at me, julian!
Bubbles, come and have a drink with me before I go to jail, buddy.
Alright, I'll try to stall him but get down here.
Where's the tape on this thing? Come on, ricky.
My name's ricky from sunnyvale trailer park.
I want to go to fucking jail, alright? So come and get me. Come and take me away.
Ricky, what are you doing?
What are you going to do, julian?
Get drunk with the boys or hang out with the girlfriend?
I've got half the money for your ticket.
Corey and trevor will be in third class.
You're gonna get a first class suite.
No, I'm not, cause I'm going back to jail in about ten minutes.
Holy fuck, have you guys ever tried that dope flavoured rum?
Dope flavoured rum? Where?
Get him, julian!
It's gonna be cool, ricky.
Julian, I got the surveillance tape!
Good, you've got to drive, bubbles.
What if I get pulled over?
Stick to the speed limit, you won't get pulled over.
Oh no! Okay, ricky, just relax.
Don't worry, I can take care of this. I've seen you do this a hundred times.
Don't worry, I know what I'm doing.
Hi, officer, how are you doing today? I'll just step out.
I can't get my door open. I'll get out this way.
Oh oh now, hang on now.
Oh oh. Yup, this way is fine too.
I can get out that way. That's not a problem.
Me and my buddy, there, We're doing a kind of a university prank on him for initiation.
I know. Calm down please.
What's going on?
We lost the car, julian.
Get in.
Okay, boys.
Look what we got, randy. shit stormtroopers.
Ricky, stay in the car.
Good advice.
Lift this gate up, lahey, I don't have time for this today.
Ricky, you cross that line, you're going to jail boy!
Perfect, ass face, cause I want to go to jail. fuck off, randy!
Jim, we're just going to my trailer to talk.
Randy, go call the cops.
Tell them we got an illegal alien trying to jump the border.
You wait here, ricky. I'm going to go grab some mix and ice, We'll go talk somewhere else. Bubbles, keep an eye on him.
Make sure he doesn't cross the line.
Ricky, ricky...
Come on, guys...
You're not going back to jail.
I want to though.
What's the problem this time, boys?
Captain shit-acular is raising shit in sunnyvale again.
And when he called us and said this is what's happening, You have to come out here and help, I have no choice.
I would say that ricky's a shit leopard that can't change it's spots.
Please, take me away. I want you to. I want you to take me to jail.
Look, I'm not going to play into your shit, okay?
Then you and your little boyfriend can live happy hour ever after, Isn't that what you want?
Ricky, I'm really trying to like you.
You're not making it easy.
Well maybe this will help. fuck off.
Okay, that's it.
Bring him over here, bubbles. This is a police emergency.
I'm going to have to take your cab.
I'm crossing your little fucking line, lahey!
Just take him out of the park, anywhere, I don't care.
Don't fucking slam the door on me. Tell julian it was nice knowing him Since elemental school, breaking the law With guns and dope and everything else!
Ricky told us just to hook everything up and tear the bank machine Out of the wall and then We could just make a withdrawal when we get it back to the park.
What's up, ricky?
How's it going, boys?
Where's the store clerk?
Tied him up out back, man.
He probably just wants to be a part of it with us.
It's an exciting job and he's been pretty cool as of late.
A lot of people like to work with people who are good at things And kind of job shadow them or whatever And I think it would be an awesome opportunity for ricky.
It's all secure?
It's all set up.
Get the fuck out, guys. I'm taking over the job.
Get the fuck out. Good job.
Get out!
My name is ricky, I'm from the sunnyvale trailer park, and I'm robbing your store.
I'm tearing this bank machine right the fuck out of here.
Who are you talking to, ricky?
Are you guys fucking stupid?
Look, you're on camera, you idiots, now get out.
Wait up, ricky!
Thanks for the milk shake, julian, it's delicious.
I am drunk as fuck! Drunk as fuck! shit, is that ricky?
I would say it is, julian.
My god, it's ricky!
Yeah, we got a 10-72 at the sunnyvale trailer park.
Thank you very much. Well, ricky, it looks like you-- fuck you, fuck you, fuck your gate.
Willful destruction of property, theft under a thousand dollars, Trespassing, dangerous driving, you're going back to jail, boy.
Did you call the cops yet?
Yeah, I did.
Good, I want to go back to jail.
You wanna go?
Hey, trin.
Where did you get this rim?
I borrowed it, daddy. Just like you taught me to. Merry christmas.
Like I taught you to. What do you mean?
Apples don't fall far from the tree, do they, rick?
Lahey, I got a lot to deal with before I got back to jail.
I have no time for your shit so fuck off.
Speaking of shit, rick, which we were, When a shit apple falls from a tree and grows up in a field of shit, It doesn't have any choice. Just like trinity.
She's going to go up to be a shit apple tree.
Just like her father. Have fun in jail, rick.
I want to go to jail.
Trinity, don't ever say that again, okay? Don't joke around.
I want to go to jail. Jail, jail, jail, jail.
Trinity, stop it! I'm serious. Don't ever joke about that.
You're never going to jail, okay?
Oh yes she is, rick.
No she's not, lahey, so fuck off.
What I started realizing about trinity is that now she's at this age Where it's gorilla see, gorilla do. If I throw a bottle in the lake, She's gonna throw a bottle in the lake, which is no big deal.
You are never going to jail, so you gotta do the right thing And take this rim back where you got it from.
She doesn't need to steal. I could steal anything we need.
Why does she need to take it? It's better I got to jail than her.
Where'd you get this rim? At the mall?
What's going on, ricky?
It's a long story, boys.
I stole a bank machine. It's all on video tape.
I'm fucked, I'm going back to jail. Can't go on the cruise.
Rick, you're not going back to jail. Store surveillance tape. I got it back.
Now let's go get the money from the bank machine and get out of here.
Let's go ricky, cruise.
Hold on a second, guys, hold on.
I can't go on the cruise even if I'm not going back to jail.
I can't.
Well, why, ricky?
I've got to stay and look after trinity.
She's starting to steal and that's not good.
I don't want her to grow up to be a shit apple like me.
Here, hold that, honey. I'll be back in a bit, boys.
I just gotta take this rim back and I'll drive you guys down to the ship.
I just gotta make a little withdrawal man.
It'll only take a second.
Julian! How long do you think It'll take your little cop girlfriend to realize You can't change the spots on a shit leopard? fuck off with your shit talk, lahey.
Randy, secure the evidence.
Come on, julian.
Get away from the evidence.
Holy fuck, she blew!
Julian, you are in trouble now, boy.
Boys, you got police dye all over you.
Julian, what the hell is going on here?
Stand back, ma'am. This is official police matter.
Here they come, randy.
Did ricky do this? You could go to jail for this.
Please tell me you weren't...
I didn't have anything to do with this, okay.
Look it was randy and lahey, they have dye all over them.
Dave, these two, they stole a bank machine.
Take them away.
Bubbles, leave without me.
I don't want to leave without you.
Listen go, I'll meet you there, okay, buddy?
You're not going to be there, are you, julian?
Have a good time. Yes, I am.
Listen, erica, I don't have any dye on me, okay?
How could you ruin this with your criminal bullshit?
I thought you were better than that.
I'm a cop...
And he's a criminal.
And I swear I never meant to be.
Either you love me for who I am or you arrest me right now.
You have the right to retain And instruct counsel in private without delay.
Dave, another one.
Could you stop filming, please?!
Going on that cruise would have been a good time and everything, But I'm trying to keep my mind off it because well, you know, I'm in here.
I been doing a lot of reading on positive thinking again And it's helped me out.
Hi, julian. fuck off, randy. So I've got eight months And that's not that bad. I've done a lot longer time.
Yeah, when I get out, I want to do three things: Fix up the park, Have a little drink, Just celebratory...
And uh... I want to kill ricky.
Life's funny. Never did I ever think I'd become trailer park supervisor, But lahey and randy went to jail and the job came up.
I had experience so here I am.
Mr. Lahey is just joking about killing ricky, right mr. Lahey?
Yup, just joking about that, you're right, randy.
And since I'm not going to jail, We can even have christmas together, so life for me is perfect.
You did it, daddy!
I did do it, didn't I?
[all]: thanks, julian!
Captioning by cnst,montreal
Oh. I'm sorry about that Free at last.
I can't believe we're finally out of that shithole.
You know, Randy, I wouldn't wish jail time on my worst enemy.
Yeah, I would.
Speaking of Ricky, heard from that McFuck lately, Julian?
Shut up, Lahey.
No problem, Jules.
Just let me say, Ricky's dream world is about to turn into a nightmare Payback time for nine months in jail.
Maybe today, Julian maybe tomorrow, but Ricky's going down. I don't forgive and I don't-
Jim, I'm serious. Don't talk to me.
Alright, Bubs, penalty shot.
Alright. You ready?
Wayne Gretzy on court, Screwman. Ah!
Ricky is the Trailer Park Supervisor now and Bubbles is his assistant They don't really do anything.
They get Corey and Trevor to do all the work for them.
That's 'cause Ricky and Bubbles play hash hockey all the time.
He's coming down the chute Ah, man, you broke my net again.
Sara and I played one night and we, uh, we won, like, sixteen grams over three hours That's 'cause we rule at hash hockey.
We're not allowed to play anymore.
Alright, Bubs. Let's get stoned, buddy.
Let's do some hot knives.
Ricky, I can't do hot knives It tears my throat. Can't we smoke a clone or something We can't, we won't get stoned.
Let's smoke this hash, we'll use the can over here. Come here No knives. I'll use the can Holy fuck, this hash is good Yo, mo-fuckers.
It's J Roc, you know what I'm saying.
You mo-fuckers gotta see my new ride. Baaam!
Boys, this is Julian. I got released today.
So you gotta come get me.
Don't make me take the bus home.
You got a half-hour.
Julian's out of jail, Ricky. We didn't move the stuff!
Jesus, Ricky!
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You aren't getting off here.
This is our stop, Julian.
Listen, boys, I lost a lot of good friends in jai I protecting you guys, alright The least you could do is leave me alone.
Stay away from Ricky, you won't have any problem with us Jim, you know the equation You fuck with Ricky, you're going to get burned Let it go, Jim. shit, Julian!
Hey, hold on a sec, driver Oh, for fuck's sakes.
Dad, thank God! I need you to drive the truck for me today.
You're in charge of Corey and Trevor. fucking be hard on them. It's the only way they understand Let's go, boys. fucking move it.
We gotta unhook this power Let's go, guys. Get the fuck out of here. Let's move it Hurry up, boys. You guys are baked, aren't ya?
Here. Here.
Ah, fuck...!
The power's still on, Julian.
Ricky, I'm Bubbles.
Ricky, you don't have a cigarette.
I need a joint.
Listen, you idiots, my dad is in charge. Stay in radio contact with him at all times.
And do what he fucking says. Just follow the list Bubbles wrote up.
Ricky didn't learn to read like a normal person does.
He didn't pay attention in school.
He learned to read around the house, like cooking things, frozen-food things.
The directions are all numbered, 1. Do this.
2. Do this. That's how Ricky learned to read.
And that's the only way he can really understand things.
First thing on the list, borrow a five-ton truck.
You two dicks go find one, get it and radio Ray.
Don't fuck this up, alright? Test, test, trailer one, test.
Check, check, check.
Adjust the fucking esqualtch Check, check.
Up, Trevor.
Answer me, Trevor!
Check, check.
Ricky, I got everything organized We just need the tape. Get out here.
Where the fuck is the tape, Bubbles?
You had the tape.
Well, it's gotta be fucking here somewhere.
Ricky, calm down! Calm down!
It's right here.
Just follow the list.
The list is fucked, buddy. We don't have time.
We're only at number two, there's ten fucking things You're gonna have to distract Julian, buddy, until we unfuck this up. Here's the tape.
Distract him how?
You're gonna have to get drunk with him, buddy.
Ricky, I think maybe I shouldn't get drunk.
Bubbles, just leave your guitar at home.
How hard is that? You don't have to sing.
It's a lot harder than you think, Ricky.
Once I get drunk, I don't give a fuck, I just start singing Look, I don't give a fuck about that.
All I give a fuck about is you keep him away from his trailer You can do this!
I can't promise anything, Ricky.
You fucking idiots!
Where are you guys?
We're at a mall in Dartmouth, dude.
We just borrowed the truck, your Dad's pulling away now.
Yeah, Ricky, it's Dad here. Everything's under control Awesome, Dad. Good job, buddy.
Dude, this is-
Stop. Stop, please! We're getting shot at!
What the fuck is going on over there, Trevor and Corey Some guy's shooting at us. He must own the truck.
We can't talk now. We'll see you soon.
Julian. Wow!
Good to see you, man.
How you doing?
Hey, Rick, what's up man How's it going, buddy?
Good, buddy.
Good to see you, man. You get the dope I sent you?
Yeah, thanks a lot, man. fucking good stuff, eh? fuck I missed jail this year. Was it awesome?
Yeah, it was pretty good. The boys missed you.
They wanted me to say hi.
Anyway, I gotta chill out at home for a bit, alright What are you talking about? Come on inside, smoke a joint and top up your drink, I got some chips and shit.
Alright, a few minutes.
I just want to go home for a bit.
That's cool.
Nice rims, man.
Yeah, those are pretty dope, eh?
Nice chain. Is that real?
Where'd you get the money for that?
I'm the Trailer Park Supervisor now, man.
Sixteen grand a year. Barb gave me a bit of money.
Bubbles gave me a bit of money. Come on in, buddy. Just a sec. I don't want anything to do with any illegal bullshit, alright? I'm done.
Julian, we don't even have time for illegal shit Think about it, we're Trailer Park Supervisors We gotta plant flowers, put up satellites and shit We been looking forward to you get out today all fucking week Rick, Rick. What are you talking about, man?
You're not even making any sense here.
I didn't even know I was getting out until today.
Exactly. fuck, it's good to see you, buddy.
Julian, we're both baked That's why he's not making sense.
It's true, man.
Rick, you already got a smoke going there.
No, I know.
Boys, boys, boys.
I gotta go home and have a few drinks, okay?
The parole board fucked me around big time today.
I just have to be alone here, okay? No offence. I gotta go Just have another drink or something, buddy.
Come on, Julian. Hang on.
Hang out with me for a bit. I got a big surprise for ya.
I haven't seen ya in months. Come on.
Boys, come on.
You just got outta jail.
Alright, alright, alright. But listen, Rick, Lahey's on a warpath, okay He wants to fuck you over big time.
Julian, I'm the fucking Trailer Park Supervisor now.
Bubbles is the assistant. Lahey can fuck off, alright?
I'm not doing anything wrong. We don't deal with them for two weeks. Who gives a fuck?
No, no, no.
They're back today, Rick.
What?! They're out of jail too?
So watch your back.
Bubbles, listen.
I want you guys to get drunk Have a fucking great time today, buddy. You deserve it.
You've been in fucking jail. You have some dope?
I have dope in the trailer. I gotta do some paperwork.
What's up with the smokes?
He always smokes three smokes.
Come on, let's get some liquor Keep your eyes closed, Julian.
We got you a getting-out-of-jail present.
Don't open them, will ya?
Holy fuck.
What's going on, Julian?
Keep your eyes closed.
Hey, what's up, J Roc?
Good to see you back in the 902, cracker. Put it up Hey, man, what's up?
You remember DVS.
J Roc. Come here, pimp dog Want to talk to you about something.
Got a couple of things to do here, Julian.
Just give me a second.
J Roc, listen, Julian got out of jail early He doesn't even know we're growing weed.
I gotta create a distraction Can you please let me say we got this car for him as a present?
Bubbles, it's my brand-new whip, mo-fucker.
Don't do that to me.
Come on, J Roc. I'm in a jam I got an idea.
Two grams of blond Lebanese hash?
Let me check the shit out.
Ah, shit. Check that out Bubbles, that ain't even blonde.
It's got stuff on to it. It's dirty blond, though. fuck, it's got blonde streaks into it. It's Lebanese.
Alright, B. Never say I didn't have your back.
Bubbles, where did you get this? Where'd you get this?
We're gonna do some custom work to her, too Something I saw on the Internet. It'll take me five minutes Pretty dope, isn't it?
It's a dope whip alright Drive carefully, mo-fucker.
I'll drive careful, J Roc.
Take it easy. Hop in, Julian Yeah, I took the washer thing, rerouted her in here, filled your washer tank up with rum.
Bubbles, is this car stolen?
It's clean, mo-fucker, straight up.
One the pimpest mack in Sunnyvale, J to the R O C Jules, you know I got your back, boy.
Registration's in the glove box.
If this is a stolen car, I don't want it. I'm serious If I breach probation, I'm gonna get eight years.
Eight years, boys! They're not fucking around this time. cracker, this mo-fucker is straight up from a U.S. Customs auction in Maine.
Just be straight-up with me. Is it hot or not?
Just chill the fuck out and take this dope whip for a ride Oh, please, Julian. Come on, hop in and take this baby out.
Alright. Alright, alright. For fuck's sakes, Bubbles.
I'm really craving Swiss Chalet takeout.
Come on, it'll be my treat.
Alright, alright!
And then we're getting drunk.
Okay, thank you.
Hey, Bubbles, man, I would like some chicken.
Get me a quarter-chicken dinner, extra gravy.
For sure, quarter-chicken dinner, fries, onion rings Chicken-rib combo, extra roll.
Boys, boys! Come off it.
It's distraction chicken I'm buying Julian.
Oh, so now you got my whip, but I ain't got no chicken Hi, Mrs. Irving.
Hey, guys. How was jail?
What are you guys doing here?
Stay calm. Trinity's here.
It was just fine, Ricky. Thanks for asking.
Hi. How was jail?
Listen, I'd love for you to stay and chat, but the real Trailer Park Supervisor is back.
Time for you to go.
Oh, is that right?
Jim, just stay calm.
Trin, can you go next store? Just for a sec.
Just borrow that, if you don't mind.
Look, Jim, I know this is going to be hard for you guys.
I know, I know what it's like.
This isn't your trailer, though, you gotta remember that.
This is the supervisor's trailer and since I'm the Trailer Park Supervisor now, that makes it my trailer.
So you guys are going to have to go.
I I'm sorry about this. I know you just got out of jai and you're a little fucked up right now, but...
Let's go, guys. we're going to see about this.
Well, I don't know if you just didn't hear me or what I just said, but this is my home.
It's not yours. This is my trailer.
Ricky, this is our god-damned home.
I've been paying for this home for ten years.
The park has been paying for this, Jim, not you.
Listen, I am Sunnyvale, Ricky.
You were Sunnyvale befor you went to jail. Remember that?
Ricky, you're a fuck-up. This is our home.
You got one hour to get out of here.
All your stuff, lock, stock and barrel.
Look, I tried to be fucking nice, okay?
I tried to be fucking nice. Randy, get the fuck out!
Bug off, Ricky!
I know what it's like to get out of jail and have nothing Been there, okay? And I've always believed, do unto others as you do unto you.
You've been reallocated to Lot 423.
I collect the lot fees the first of next month.
Take your shit, get the fuck out., Ricky, first of next month , you're going to be in jail getting a postcard from me You might have my job now, Ricky, but I've got something you'll never have.
Really, what's that, Lahey My grade 11.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Bubbles. Come on, pace yourself.
Small sips.
When did you start drinking so much?
Special occasions, I always pound the liquor into me.
Here, let's top her up.
Here, man, I'm done.
You didn't eat all your chicken.
Here. Thanks for the food, man.
Let's get back to the park Julian, I got a song I've been working on.
Can you come to my shed and listen to it?
I've been working on it like crazy.
Alright, one song.
Ricky, we did it. We got the truck.
Nice work with the truck, Dad.
Good job, buddy. Thank you so much.
Listen, I got about ten gram of hash here. It's awesome hash.
Oh, shit. Ah, fuck, man. Alright.
Let's go, Dad.
Let's get you out of here before someone sees you.
Let's move it, boys! Lahey's out of jail too!
We can't let Julian or Lahey see these plants!
Just plant them and water them with the solution I gave you It's easy, okay.
Dude, there's too many.
Corey, shut up and hurry up. Get these fucking plants out of the park. Trevor, shirt, let's go.
Let's go.
I guess this is home, Mr. Lahey.
Bubbles, why'd you move your shed, man?
Come here, Julian.
Why don't you live next to me anymore?
Oh, we just moved here while you were in jail, you know Here, listen, I want to play you something You listen, now.
Bubbles, Bubbles, Bubbles, that's not a new tune, man No, well, I put a new part into her.
Bubbles, that's not a new song, man Julian, hang on.
Oh, I gotta use it.
Corey and Trevor, where in the fuck are you guys Ricky, listen, it's me. Corey, get the fuck over.
Listen, Ricky, I'm on my way with the first load.
Look, man, I'm a little nervous about this.
People in wheelchairs on comp. don't like to get caught.
Dad, you're not in a wheelchair. You're faking it Ricky, not over the air. Jesus Christ, buddy.
Dad, chill out. Just drop off the load, come back and pick up the other one.
And get it the fuck out of here. You gotta move it here.
I don't know if we're gonna do this in one load, man.
I think we're going to need an extra trip, man. No way You gotta fit it in one load. I'm your son, you owe me.
We gotta get this shit out. We're running out of time here Well, well, well, what have we got here.
It looks like Corey and Trevor and Ray driving.
Get over here, you little f...
No, no, no! Don't throw bottles at me.
Don't throw bottles at me ever, okay? Now listen up, I want you to hit Lot 423, hit it hard, okay?
You guys know what flaming shitbags are?
Good, throw some of those into the mix.
I got two big bags of chips. I'll give you one now and one when you're done. Move it out, boys.
He can stick his Grade 11 up his ass.
Classic distraction scenario, Randy.
Ricky's up to something.
He's gonna pay for what he did to us.
Mr. Lahey, try to remember what the therapist said about blaming.
Therapists don't know shit, Randy.
They cause more mental-health problems than they cure.
Alright, boys, the coast is clear.
Get that fucking truck out of here now.
Ah, dude, there's still dope in one of the trailers.
What the fuck do you mean?
Julian's here, boys. Which trailer?
What's up with the fucking gate, Ricky Ah, listen, man, I didn't want to tell you but...
Ah, fuck, here comes Lahey. Great.
I didn't want to tell you this, but I had to condemn this area of the park. Huge mould problem, man.
Environmental, major meltdown. Bugs, mould.
Your fault. You left shit in your trailer.
Bullshit, Ricky. I'm going home to get drunk.
What's going on here, Ricky?
Smells like a lot of dope to me.
It's none of your fucking ex-supervisor business, Lahey.
Now get this fucking car out of here.
I've got a truck full of mould that could kill people, Bubbles, could use some help here.
? Of dirty old cheeseburgers Bubbles, hold up for a second.
Officer Green, Jim Lahey here.
Got a big problem in the park, bud. Yeah.
Starts with Ricky, ends with jail.
Lahey, get this fucking car out of here, please.
Oh, you're not going to move your car? Fine, I'll move the fucking thing.
Jesus, Ricky. Ricky!
For Christ's sakes, what are you doing?
Hey! Randy...
Let's go! Get the dope out of here!
? Corey and Trevor got away? Corey and Trevor got away Bubbles. ? Corey and Trevor got away Rick, Rick.
Truck full of mould, eh?
Bubbles, there's still some stuff in one of these trailers There's nothing going on here, Julian.
That's not good, Ricky.
Ah, fuck, the fucking cops Nothing happening here.
I think they called you over there somewhere and they just cleared out of here, I guess.
Hello, Jim. How was jail I got through jail, George, waiting for this day.
I finally got them dead to rights.
What have you got, Jim?
What I have George, is a wall!
They built a wall and I guarantee you, they're growing dope back there!
That's bullshit.
That is bullshit. There's nothing back here but a bunch of mould that could kill people.
Jim, what are you doing?
George, think about it. They built a wall.
You check the trailers behind that wall and we got 'em.
Trust me, George. fuck him, George. He's drunk fuck him, take him away.
Alright, Karen, open it up Ricky, I'm gonna take a look inside these trailers.
I'm sure you don't mind.
George, wait.
Do you have a search warranty?
Well, I can certainly get one.
You don't have one, though, do you?
Make your point.
My point is, I'm going to be a good guy. I got nothing to hide here We've been getting along good when those idiots were in jail So why don't we just do this? Pick one trailer - one, two or three - and search that.
That's me being fair, George You're fucking lucky to even be here.
You listen to a drunk idiot. Bubbles, please.
Pick number one.
Pick two, George.
Search that one over there, number three.
Hey! I think we'll do number one with the foil here.
Number one!
Ricky, stay right there.
Karen, keep them quiet. Keep them out of my way.
George, I just got out of jail. I haven't been home yet.
I've got no idea what's going on in there.
Guess what, Jim. Nothing!
As always.
See, Julian?
Nothing in there but a pile of old tin foil and some old electrical hookups.
They're growing in there You're wasting the fucking cops' time again, Lahey.
You happy about that?
Maybe somebody was growing dope in there, okay, but there's no actual dope in there, right now!
George, get a warrant and search the other trailers.
Jim, listen to me.
Never again!
Eighteen times in the past year you've called me out here and eighteen - Ricky, take a walk - and eighteen times, what has it been? Bullshit! That's what.
George, what about stolen drug cars?
Run the plates on that car and I'll guarantee you it comes back stolen.
They don't have money for that kind of shit, George.
Check it.
Oh, you're not buying this bullshit again?
Ricky. Over there.
He's wasting your fucking time.
Over there.
Do it now.
Bubbles, you're pissing on my car!
I know!
Dispatch, run plate Charlie Wilma Wilma 3-2-5.
Roger. Stand by.
There's cops here, Bubbles. Stop pissing in public.
Plates are registered to a Mr. Corey Trevor of Sunnyvale Trailer Park. Plates are clean.
You're going to go to the drunk tank.
Ah, think for one fucking second, George.
Ah, geez, not stolen?!
Are you really this fucking stupid? Let's talk about stupid, Jim. I'm gonna put this in a way that even someone like you can understand.
Remember the story of the little boy who cried wolf?
In case you forgot, he was a little boy who cried for help because he said there was a wolf after him Each time the people of the village came running, and each time there was no wolf.
Eventually they got really tired of it.
So when he calls for help 'cause there's a real wolf after him, nobody takes him seriously Nobody comes, because nobody cares.
Do you see where I'm going with this, Jim George, I know it looks like I'm off the mark.
Listen, what we have here, Jim, is a shitwolf.
Do you know what a shitwolf is? You never seem to have that crucial little thing called evidence.
But each time you cry shitwolf and each time I come running No more, Jim. Never again.
Now I want you to tell me what the moral of the story is George-
No. Say it, Jim.
Say it!
Never cry shitwolf., That's right. Now get your sorry ass out of here or you're spending the night in the drunk tank.
George, I gotta tell you a secret. Come here.
"This is George Green! fuck off!"
Julian, you get him under control, or you're both going to the drunk tank.
George, I'm not doing anything wrong.
Open liquor, Julian. Don't push it. Bubbles!
I'm just going to sing you a little tune.
I don't want to hear another note out of you, or you know where you're going ! Not a note.
If I was to ask you a question and you were to blink - you don't have to say anything, you just gotta blink, alright?
That wouldn't be ratting him out.
Everybody's gotta blink, right?
Uh, yeah.
Okay. Two blinks for yes, one blink for no.
Is Ricky growing dope again?
I did it two times there, if you didn't notice.
What the fuck?! Who the fuck are you guys and what the fuck are you doing here?
Hope you got insurance and shit.
You can go to jail for a long time for this.
For what, free TV?
It's not free! It's like stealing!
Stealing? You guys are beaming a signal to this fucking trailer park without my permission, not me.
So I got these little things that pick up the signal from space.
How the fuck is that stealing?
What, do you own space? No, Nay-sa does.
Rocket people.
Perhaps you've heard of them.
It's NASA.
Who the fuck called you guys? Get the fuck off this roof A Mr. James Lahey. fucking Lahey.
Lahey's fucked in the head. You should know that.
Look. We found a split comin from this box from this address, registered to some guy named Julian.
Is that you?
There's no fucking Julian who lives in this park.
I'm Julian. This is my trailer.
Ricky, what the fuck is going on here?
I don't know. Somebody must've broke in here and put all this shit up here.
I'm getting blamed for it. It's bullshit.
Oh, remember, Corey and Trevor were up there with the screwdrivers and the wrenches.
Dino, call head office.
Ha, Dino! Maybe you should call Barney and Fred in.
You're not fucking calling, what are you doing?
You're not fucking calling head office.
I'm the trailer park supervisor. Here's what's going to happen.
I'm going to give you guys a few grams of weed, you're going to give me insurance for my fucking accident.
Then you're going to leave and nothing happened here.
For fuck's sakes Ricky, what the fuck are you doing with the satellite?!
I paid ten fucking dollars I want my fucking satellite signal!
Danny chill the fuck out ! I'm fucking trying here.
It'll be back up in a bit.
Calm the fuck down.
Look..., If these satellite dishes aren't down in ten minutes I have no choice but to call the cops.
Ricky, get the dishes off my roof.
Listen, man, I just got out of jail. Don't be calling the cops.
Dino, take them down now Ricky, get the dishes off my roof.
Dino, call Mr. Slate.
Jesus, boys, look out. I know what's coming.
What the fuck is wrong with you?!
I'll take everyone of these down to the fucking ground Is that what you want, you fucking retards?!
You think I give a fuck about this stupid bullshit That windshield was already cracked.
There. There in the fucking van. Now leave Ten fucking dollars a month!
The cops are going to show up so load this in the van and get the van in the lake. Get rid of it.
Ah, it's stuck.
She's stuck good now.
Mr. Lahey, turn the motor on. It's getting cold.
Randy, I can't keep running it all day.
We're almost out of gas.
Good morning, Jim. Beautiful day.
Good morning, Ricky. To what do we owe the pleasure Randy, I can see you through all those god-damned liquor bags and lawn chair strapping, for fuck's sakes.
Stop frigging looking, Rick.
You called the fucking satellite pricks on me, Lahey?
Those satellites interfere with the emergency response frequencies, Ricky.
Don't fucking take my bacon, Lahey.
Who owns this fucking car?
I own the car, Ricky!
'Cause the registration says Sunnyvale Trailer Park owns the car.
Since I'm the Park Supervisor and you fucked around, I'm taking it. And I'm taking your fucking breakfast.
Ricky, for Christ's sakes...
Have a heart. This is where we live.
Two things, Lahey. Put on some fucking pants and fuck off Jesus, Ricky!
Mr. Lahey, I got soap in my eyes!
Holy fuck!
Where's my furniture? Did Ricky sell it?
So what was he doing?
Growing weed in here?
So he was growing clones.
Ricky's got the whole place wrapped in tin foil.
Like, everything. That's the sink under there.
Can't even use it. He's been going around the park, , to people like Mrs. Peterson asking to borrow tin foil for different things he says he's cooking and... whatnot.
All fibs, he's telling.
Twenty-two hundred for one month in my name.
Power bill. Nice!
Julian, how's it going, buddy?
You got any rolling papers You've gone way too far this time, Ricky.
Guess what? I'm bailing, buddy.
What are you talking about Because of a bunch of fucking mail?
Ricky, it's not about a bunch of mail, it's about a bunch of illega I bullshit you put in my name.
You got any rolling papers?
Julian, you can't worry about that stuff, man.
All the credit cards are maxed out in your name.
I threw them in the fucking lake.
They can't trace that shit back to you.
Don't worry about it. Come on, buddy.
Do you realize how stupid you just sounded there Ricky? Huh?
Bubbles, do you got any rolling papers?
No, I don't. Just, everybody calm down. Julian...
Come on, boys. Let's go catch some bullfrogs.
Put the bottles down.
Boys, boys, boys...
I'm out of rum. I'm in debt, I've got no money, no car, no furniture, no place to live.
All I've got is these fucking bottles, Ricky.
Julian, you were just in jail.
You don't think I'm going to look after you?
Don't worry about it. Come here. See that?
Big fucking barrel of swish. I stole it from Lahey and Randy.
You can have it all, alright? As for a place to live... here I was going to use this for a cottage man, but take it You can live in it. It's a fucking great car to live in Richard, Bubbles, can I have a quick word?
Apparently, I'm being sued for stealing by some satellite TV company.
As soon as Ricky hired me as Assistant Trailer Park Supervisor, I knew things were fucked right away.
El cheques kept arriving for Trevor Corey, Corey Trevor, Randy Trevor Now the bank has suggested that I might want to conside selling, okay? Selling the park.
Now frankly, it is beginning to make a lot of sense.
By the time I got involved, it was already too late.h I've just been trying to keep Ricky out of jail long enoug till Julian gets here, but things got out of hand way, way too fucking quick. There was nothing I could do Barb, it's not that bad. I promise you.
Here's your lunch.
Thank you.
I'll take care of this, Barb I'll come and see you later. And don't worry about a thing.
Julian's going to straighten it out. He's back now.
Buddy, you gotta help me straighten this shit out.
Ricky, I'm leaving.
What are you going to do? Just go live in a car and take your bottles back and survive off that?
I don't think so.
Julian, don't.
Come in my trailer and smoke a joint.
Don't start drinking swish, please.
Swish is this old, dirty, shitty-tasting, home-made fucking liquor that you can, ah, you can barely get it into you but my fuck, does it ever get you some drunk.
All the shit's in my name, man.
I got no choice but to run for a little while.
I'm gonna go work on an oil rig or something.
Ah, Julian, that's crazy talk. Come on now.
I've lived beside you my whole life.
Don't go, Julian. Come on, please, buddy.
Alright, I'm just going to have one more drink.
Can you get me some ice?
Oh, I can get you some ice. But only one, Julian.
One drink.
Ah, Julian. You tricked me What's with the Smokey outfit, Randy?
I can wear whatever I want.
Is that cologne I smell?
What about our "no cologne agreement"?
Smokey. That was the name he used to call himself when he was on the streets, back when I was on the force Strip the chrome off a trailer hitch.
I need a cheeseburger.
What's that got to do with the...
I need a store-bought cheeseburger.
Smokey outfit? You're not thinking of going back on the street, are you, Randy?
Man's got to eat.
Randy, I can make a cheeseburger, better than store-bought.
I don't think so, Mr. Lahey.
I'm leaving. I got work to do. fuck off, Randy!
Thanks, man.
Get in the back.
Damn garbage!
Bubbles, you really fucked up this time, didn't you?
Well, Bubbles only plays basketball when he's really pissed off and stressed out.
So I knew it was a delicatel situation that I approached and, you know, I approached him like an adult.
How did you let things get so fucked up anyway?
You know I can't do it, I'm stupid.
What the fuck did you just say to me, Ricky?
How did I let it get fucked up? You know what?b You can take your assistant trailer park supervisor jo and all your El papers, illegal mortgages,n Visa statements, all that other bullshit that I'm involved I and stick it right in there.
Where? I told him to stick his job and all the papers and everything up his arse and he didn't even know what I was talking about.
And then I said Julian left and it was his fault and he still didn't know what I was talking about.
So I just got pissed off and I quit.
I'm fucking quitting, that's it!
Fine then, quit. I don't care.
But I can't give you your vacation pay till we get paid.
When we grow the dope and we harvest it, then we get paid.
Well, you can give me some chips in the meantime.
He owes me 260 bucks vacation pay.
He won't fucking pay that, so I figured a handful of chips wasn't too much to ask.
Put half of those back.
I'm actually taking more, Ricky. fuck off, Bubbles, seriously.
Look at that!
They were chicken chips.
I don't even like those, but I don't give a fuck.
This is great, Julian. This is where Smokey used to work.
You're prostituting yourself out for cheeseburgers again?
Man's got to eat, Julian For fuck's sakes!
She's out of gas, Julian Well, I guess this is where I'm living now.
Go on, get out of here. Get, get! Get!
You sure you should be drinking that shit, man?
Remember back in Grade 10- fuck off, Randy!
Randy wants a cheeseburger I'll give him a god-damned cheeseburger.
Well, boys, I need you to help me out today.
Paint Julian's trailer, clean it up. Got some hash We're going to get stoned. It's going to be a good fucking day That's what I'm saying. Good dope, dude.
Corey, no talking, please. Just take the hash.
What's going on in here? What are you guys doing in here?
Just hanging out, playing some video games. Calm down.
They're not working for you today.
Look, Sara, I'm short-staffed. Bubbles quit on me.
I need these fucking dicks to work for me today.
I don't give a fuck if you're short-staffed, Ricky.
Get the fuck out of my side of the trailer.
Why are you always sticking up for these guys?
It's not like you're banging them.
Ricky is so abusive to Corey and Trevor.
It's really sad to see. Even before I liked them, I noticed he was always making them cry and shit.
Sara, come on. Don't, don't tell them that.
Trevor, I told you to move this fucking tree two weeks ago! fuck, Ricky! My game, dude ! fucking idiot!
What the fuck?! fucking kids!
What the fuck is wrong with parents these days?
Hey, buddy!
Don't "hey, buddy" me, Ricky I'm going to look for Julian Do you even care that Julian's gone, Ricky?
He's just fucking around, Bubbles.
Look, I'm sorry about earlier, alright?
I know it wasn't just you that fucked things up.
Corey and Trevor fucked some things up, and a few other people around the park fucked things up.
Lahey and Randy are running around; it's hard on people. so I'm not mad at ya. Give me a hug, buddy.
Help me find Julian, please. Come on.
Alright. Can we stop by and get some donairs first though?
I'm fucking starving.
Will you buy them?
Well, we got some room left on Leahey's Dinner's Card.
You're going to have to drive, though.
Some kids fucked my tire over.
Looking for a date?
Ten bucks or six Dairy Queen coupons.
Officer George Green and I are doing a shake down of, you know, John's in the neighbourhood. I dress up as a prostitute If they solicit me for prostitution, I bust them.
You're looking pretty hot.
Think I'm hot?
I guess. Ten bucks.
Yeah, ten bucks will work.
Want to grab a couple of cheeseburgers first?
No. You gotta place?
It's greasy. It's out back.
Let's go.
So let's do this.
Hey, Smokey!
Looks like you'll be eating your cheeseburgers soon, eh, buddy?
Drunk and pissing on a dumpster behind the King of Donair?
Don't you know me?
I should arrest you right now for soliciting prostitution.
Didn't going to jail teach you anything?
I didn't do anything wrong. You solicited me, Erica.
You should go to jail.
I'm a cop, Randy.
Undercover. I'm wearing a wire.
You know what?
You guys look like you have enough problems as it is.
Hey, Bubbles, look who it is What are you doing here? A little undercover work, Erica?
Ricky, what did you guys do to Julian out back?
What are you talking about He's so drunk he can't even stand up.
Out back?
Stop staring at my tits.
I wasn't.
Yes, you were.
I was not!
Jesus Christ! He's on the swish hard, Ricky.
Holy fuck, Julian!
Leave me alone, boys.
Julian, look at me for a second.
You gotta get a hold of yourself, buddy.
You gotta come back to the trailer park right now.
I got a job for ya. It's gonna be perfect.
Assistant Trailer Park Supervisor.
Assistant, huh?
That's right, buddy.
4600 bucks a year. Bubbles quit and I could use a hand.
We're going to straighten all this shit out man and things will be cool.
Hey, Ricky, I'm looking for work! fuck off, Randy! Here, Julian, let me top that up for you That's getting warm.
Actually, Randy, get the fuck over here. You want some work?
Get the fuck over here.
I need some... ice.
Fresh as a daisy. Get that in ya.
I'm going to take Randy back to the park right now We're going to clean up your trailer.
It's going to be better than ever man.
You gotta come back there and things are going to be cool.
Come on, buddy, let's go!
Ricky, let go of me. Let go of me!
Come on.
Let go of me, Ricky!
Get away from me, Ricky.
Look, I'll take you and Randy back to the park.
I know what we need to do here. Trust me on this.
Come on, Randy. Come on, let's go!
See all these wires here They're live so be careful, okay?
I want you to get rid of all these wires, get rid of all this tubing Clean the fucking carpets 'cause they're fucked.
Go to his bedroom. Try to set something up he can sleep on There's a tub, shower and a sink out back.
Bring those in, find some fucking parts somewhere, and install those and make sur they're working in the bathroom.
Then I'll give you two cheeseburgers. Simple as that.
Double cheeseburgers, Ricky.
Hey, listen. That would be three or four cheeseburgers, wouldn't it? I said two, okay?
Same amount of buns.
Randy, two fucking cheeseburgers.
Take it and leave it. Here's a little piece of hash.
Go to the stove, get stoned and get to work.
I can't get stoned, Ricky.
What do you mean?
It's shitty work. Everybody does that, alright Carpenters, electricians, dishwashers, floor cleaners, lawyers, doctors, fucking politicians, CBC employees, principals...
People who paint the lines on the fucking roads.
Get stoned, it'll be fun. Get to work.
Oh, this is most important Go down to the shit-Mart, I need a bag of chicken chips.
If they don't have chicken, get me dill pickle.
And I want a chocolate milk, okay? Here's some money.
Give me a kiss. Give me a kiss.
Julian! What are you doing, Julian?
Put him down!
Put him down. Go on get, you miserable bastard!
What are you doing?
Give me the swish, Julian.
Oh, Bubbles, don't.
Give it!
Don't take my swish.
Look, just hand me... Julian Bubbles...
Julian, here look, I'm sorry Here, get this in you.
This will clear your brain out That's the lowest I've ever seen him.
Drunk on swish, dancing around with an old fucking dirty dog, eating pizza crusts off the fucking ground!
Made me sad.
Here, hold that.
You are coming home with me and that's all there is to it.
You get that in you.
There you go. That'll fix your brains up Hey?
Thanks, buddy.
There you go.
Those other clothes of yours smell like dog pee, Julian Now stop complaining and hurry up.
Julian, are you almost done?
I'm gonna have an accident out here.
What do you think?
I look like a dick!
You got anything else in there I can put on?
Nothing that's going to fit you.
But I mean, I think it looks pretty good.
I used to rock those pants How's it going, Randy? Did you get everything done?
Almost. Are those my burgers, Ricky?
That's my burger, right?
No, Barb made these for me I want my frigging burger, Rick!
Randy, I'll get yours later. You didn't even finish the job fuck off, Randy! fuck you!
You get the fucking chicken chips, you fucking asshole Give me that back, you fucking dick!
Let go of it!
Stop grabbing it!
Get your hands off it! Get your fucking hands off it!
It's mine! fuck! What the fuck!
Jesus Christ!
What in the fuck?!
What are you doing? Give me that!
I'm trying to shoot whoever fucking shot me! Jesus Christ!
Randy, how could you do that?
Do what?
What you were doing with Ricky?
I wasn't doing anything with Ricky.
Is that a fucking bow and... You fucking shot me!
It was an accident, Ricky. I was trying to shoot a blue jay I'll show you a fucking blue jay!
Ricky, it was an accident. You can call the cops on Laheyu for getting shot with an arrow, but he can call the cops on yo for firing a handgun off in the trailer park.
They cancel out.
That doesn't even make sense It's even, Ricky.
I don't have the right people words to make you understand the way it means to me, but something's fucked up here Hold still, Ricky.
Ah! fuck!
Get out of here!
Ricky, you owe me two double cheeseburgers for cleaning up Julian's trailer.
I never said doubles. I never said fucking doubles Where's my chocolate milk and chicken chips?
Ricky, go home! fuck you!
And fuck your cheeseburgers!
Everybody calm down!
For fuck's sakes, is this all about cheeseburgers?
Well, Randy, I've got burger meat and cheese at my shed.
I'll cook some up for you on the barbeque if that'll diffuse the situation.
Thanks, Bubs. Randy and I are going home now.
Holy fuck!
No way, Mr. Lahey. I need a cheeseburger.
Come on, Bubbles.
Alright, hang on!
Where's your bun, Randy?
Here it is.
There. Drive that into you then.
Thanks, Bubbles.
Randy, don't eat that!
What the fuck are you doing here? Stay away from me!
You see this? You see that? Can't even get it out.
Randy, look. Listen..., I know things have been rather tough on you lately so I made you this cheeseburger.
Thanks Mr. Lahey.
It's a lot better than store-bought, Randy.
My god, there's feathers hanging out of it.
That's made out of an old blue jay.
Here, Bubbles. I don't need this anymore.
You guys are fucked!
You're going to eat that old blue jay burger. Ah..
What do you think of that, Randy?
It's good. It's good. A little gamey, but good.
Let's go home, Mr. Lahey Jim, here's your home back It's time for you to be completely honest with me.
Alright? No more little games, Rick.
Just tell me the truth, please I won't get pissed off.
Can you get this fucking arrow out of my arm?
Everything's going to be cool.
You promise?
I promise you man.
Let's just tell him, Ricky.
Come with me, and you're not going to fucking believe this, buddy Ricky...
Are you alright?
Look, Julian, I know this looks really fucked up, man.
But when you guys went to jail, I was bored.
I developed this new kind of weed and it's growing like fucking nuts, man.
These were this big a month and a half ago, little tiny clones And I put them in this little test field and I don't know what the fuck happened to them but look at these things!
It's Mars! I'm telling you, it's Mars!
Julian, Mars hasn't been this close to the earth in 60 thousand fucking years and we plant this weed and Mars is pulling it right out of the ground.
It's one of those miracle things, man, they talk about I'm telling you, buddy.
I can't fucking believe you guys did this.
Julian, don't freak out. I'm sorry, man.
But I had no one to look after me.
Look here, put your drink in your new glass.
You're a genius, man.
Listen, boys, we're gonna make a lot of money here with all this weed.
We should buy a fucking island. Start our own country.
I don't know, have a flag and everything, man.
No more cops, no more Lahey.
Think about how perfect that would be.
Rick, Rick, Rick. No, no.
Maybe get a ferris wheel We're not going to buy an island, we're going to buy the trailer park.
The Sasquatch.
Fact or fiction?
Those big hairy monsters, they're real, Trin.
No, they're not.
Look at that thing.
What person ever moved like that in the history of people?
...is nocturnal by nature, so logically there would be relatively few sightings.
Yet there have been literally hundreds of sightings all across North America for generations now.
Can all these people be wrong?
Trevor, stop fucking calling me. I got no dope.
Hey, Bubs. You watching this documentary of Saskatchewans It's Samquanch, Ricky, and there's one outside my fucking door right now.
He's trying to get into my shed.
Holy shit, Bubbles, I see him. Don't scare him. It's worth a lot of money.
Got the cock-sucker, Bubbles Get him, Daddy!
Jesus, he took my bat. He took my- Ah!
Crank him, Ricky! Ah!
See how big his feet are.
What the fuck are you guys doing?
Holy fuck, he can talk, Bubbles!
Omigod, Ricky. That's 'cause he is Julian Julian!
Holy fuck, man. Are you okay?
What the fuck were you doing, boys?
Sorry, Julian. We thought you were a Sandsquanch.
What is going on?
Julian just beat the shit out of us with a bat.
God, you guys got problems ! We're going to my mother's I don't want you to see your father in this light.
Have a great time, kids.
What's that supposed to mean Good night, Daddy.
See ya, sweetie.
Lucy, it was an accident.
Do I have a mark here, Julian?
I feel right tender.
I'm going to bed, boys.
I'm sore as fuck. Good night Good night, Ricky. Top bunk, Julian.
I think Bullard's coming on. fuck that dick.
Where's Shitrock at?
Shitrock? Here, kitty, kitty.
Hey, Bubbles, you awake? I need some duct tape, Buddy My knee is fucked.
Hang on, Ricky.
Got some cereal, man. It's new. It's fucking awesome Oh, yeah? Your knee's fucked, is it?
I got some tape somewhere, but... if you tape my arm up I'll look after it.
Boys, I can't even straighten my arm up.
Look what you did to me, Rick!
Oh, look who's despicably thinking about themselves, huh What about me, Julian? Look at my fucking eye.
See that? And I can't even walk. Being selfish, man.
Julian. Sorry we beat you up. I really am, but I did think you were a Samsquanch.
Why are you calling them Samsquanches?
That's what I've called them since I was little.
Well, they don't exist.
Bullshit, they don't.
Alright, this is the deal, boys.
We're gonna be doing some work today.
No fucking way. I gotta get drunk, I'm sore as fuck.
No, no, no. Boys, listen to me. Boys, boys You're gonna help me steal some furniture.
It's the least you can do.
I'm too sore, Julian.
Bubbles, go get some tape. We'll tape ourselves up and we'll go steal some furniture for Mr. fucking Selfish.
Holy fuck, this cereal is good fuck, Ricky, there's Barb. Cut your piss off.
I can't cut my piss off, Bubbles, you know that.
'Morning, boys. I hear you beat the shit out of each other last night with baseball bats. That was smart. I wonder if you could explain this purchase order I found for a $2,000 Everlast Wrestling Ring.
Barb, it's not a wrestling ring, it's more like a multi-purpose community centre.
It says wrestling ring on the purchase order, so I cancelled it. And I wonde when you are going to get around to doing those clothesline repairs we talked about?
Actually, we're doing that today.
I just gotta go pick up some clothesline wire-
We gotta pick up some poles, we're gonna fix them today I'm sorry about that. Bubbles, I'm sorry. Jesus.
Good. That's great. Julian, if you are serious about buying the park, I want a cash deposit.
Not bottles, not dope, cash. And I want it today.
Otherwise, I'll list it with a real-estate agent.
Barb, I'll have the money.
What are those fuckers up to Probably going for some shitdogs and fries, Mr. Lahey.
Randy, I thought we agreed No more shit talk till we're back in power.
You ready for a little B & E ?
Bacon and eggs?
Evidence gathering.
Just put this on Jim Lahey's account. Sunnyvale.
Ricky, I can't do that.
I guess you're gonna have to pay for it yourself, then. Cause we're fucking taking it. fucking Jacob.
Ah. fuck!
Ah, fucking Jesus!
Careful, Ricky. Careful.
Holy fuck, boys. Cyrus number one.
It says "dick" and then the arrow points right to Cyrus.
Look at this, Randy.
Unopened trailer-park supervisor correspondence.
It's a good goddamned thing we're back to take care of shit like this.
Check this map out, Mr. Lahey.
Wonder what it's for?
I haven't the foggiest notion. But I got a niggling suspicion whatever it is, is gonna help send Ricky up piss creek for a long time.
What are you guys doing here?!
Ah, thanks for your concern, ma'am.
We thought, uh, we heard someone breaking in What's that?
It's some map.
I'm gonna tell my father We got Corey and Trevor working on the clothesline The last thing we need is Barb Lahey freaking out on us.t Where we going now, Ricky?
We're gonna smoke a join and go steal some furniture from Julian. I know just the place.
The people are stupid and they got the best furniture. Government buildings are so easy to rob. You come during the day and take everything. No one even says anything.
Wait. We're actually about to start a production meeting.
There's new furniture coming in about five minutes So I'm just gonna take this.
First, let me call my supervisor, please.
I'd love to, but we need that phone. Sorry.
Hey, excuse me. Everybody, just put the stuff down, please.
Just keep that stuff coming right out here.
Where are you guys taking this stuff?
Just put it down.
You can't have our stuff, okay? Like, we need this.
We're trying to work here.
Look, I'm trying to do my job.
Keep it coming. I need four loaders for the car.
Who said you could take this stuff?
Paul or Jeff. Head office.
I don't know.
You talked to Jeff?
Yeah. Everything's cool. There'll be new shit here in about 10 minutes. It's a lot nicer than this shitty stuff Oh, we're getting new stuff.
It's brand new, it's great I just talked to Jeff and we're getting new stuff.
Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!
Randy and Lahey broke in and tried to steal this.
Great, Ricky. They got half the dope map. Nice work, buddy It's not a big deal. They got a little piece and we named all the dope fields after cats, anyway.
They won't have a fucking clue !
It could've been a big deal!
Lahey's gonna try anything to get us thrown back in jail!
Alright, we gotta set up a front to distract those dicks.
How much of the dope map did they get, Ricky?
Ouch, boys, I feel like I got hit by a fucking dump truck.
How much would a massage thing cost me, do you figure?
A massage?
Look, Julian, I know I'm dumb as fuck and stuff but... why couldn't we just steal more furniture and fill up these trailers with furniture and fucking open, like, a used furniture store or some shit A used-furniture store is not a bad idea, Julian.
Keep Lahey and Randy distracted, make a few bucks.
Exactly. Get two birds stoned at once We're gonna fill the trailers up with furniture alright.
But we're gonna rent them out by the hour.
Oh, that's greasy.
That's really fucking greasy Yeah, it's greasy.
What's up, Julian, Bubbles, man?
You guys look fucked up.
Don't even want to talk about it. Look, J-Roc, I'm looking for some ladies. I know you know what kind of ladies I'm talking about.
Talk to my manager, bitch.
Yeah, that's right. I'm representing J-Roc now I'm representing T-Knuckles and finally I'm takingn these guys' careers to a whole new level and new directio and finally putting Sunnyvale Trailer Park on the map.
For real.
For real.
Look, man, I'm opening up a massage parlour, alright I need six ladies.
You talking about opening up a rub-a-tiz'zub, mo-fucker I'm feeling that. I'm feeling that.
A rub 'n' tug?
Let me talk to you, then. I'll do you what you want.
I'll get you the ladies. I'll get you the hos.
It's gonna cost you at least thirty points, homey.
What do you think, Bubs?
Well, I don't know much about this stuff, Julian.
They're good hos, man. I'm telling you.
What other choice do we have? He says they're good hos.
Alright, alright. Done. Three o'clock.
I'll see you then. I'll be here waiting with the hos.
Peace out, Sling Blade.
It's not a sling, J-Roc.
It's duct tape. Just get the hos.
This is the perfect opportunity for you right now. Massage parlours, hos. This is the type of greasy shit you need to be associated with. fucking right, boy.
I'm gonna tell you one other thing, homey.
This type of shit is gonna land the pimp in jail too.
Know what I'm saying?
Jail? I don't play jail, mofo.
You're gonna have to pla jail. I'm just letting you know.
Jail is what's gonna make you sell records.
The album's coming out. And hey, T, you gotta make sure that when it goes down, you got the pictures taken for the album cover.
I'm not going to jail, man You gotta to sell this record.
People are gonna be there the day that that album comes out.
They're gonna be in the stores waiting for that So if he goes to jail, ah, man, it's gonna be perfect.
I'm telling you. It's gonna go down.
I don't know about you, man, but I ain't going to jail, man I ain't going to jail either Like I'll fucking go to jail, know what I'm saying?
'Cause I'm hard, right. I ain't shook about going to jail.
But it's, like, I kinda like my freedom too at the same time Boys, if you're here, you better get the fuck over here right now.
What's up, dude?
Thanks for letting Lahey and Randy break into my trailer, boys. Real smart I didn't hear anything.
'Cause of your video games What's going on in here?
Sarah, calm down.
What did I tell you about taking advantage of these guys I'm not taking advantage of them. I love those guys No you don't. Corey and Trevor are mine now. I love them.
Sarah, we've owned Corey and Trevor since they were six So they're coming with us. Boys, wait outside.
No, stay.
If you give them $20 right now, you can have them for one hour and they're not leaving the park.
Fine. Here's a gram of hash, boys. Split her up.
Take it.
I said $20!
Here's a little piece for you to calm down.
They're staying in the park!
They're not leaving the park. We're staying in the trailer Give me that hash back. This stuff is shit.
I'll give you some good stuff later.
Trevor, chips and smokes, let's go. Let's go.
Boys, you're gonna go to the dump, steal a garbage truck, hook up with us at a hotel, we're gonna move some furniture, okay. That's it And don't fuck this up, 'cause Julian's counting on you.
He'll kill you.
Bubbles's cats. Deciduous trees.
Mr. Lahey.
Jesus, Jim, you look like... ah, God!
Barb, what can I do for you?
I thought you should know, I'm having a bit of financial trouble I, uh, I've decided I've got to sell the park.
Well... Barb, who the hell is gonna buy Sunnyvale in the financial state that Ricky's left it in?
Ricky and Julian and Bubbles are gonna buy Sunnyvale.
They're gonna give me a cash deposit tomorrow.
Look, I'm sorry, Jim. Okay Jesus, Barb, you gotta be kidding.
No. No, I'm not kidding.
Alright, get three rooms, Ricky.
Okay, nice work with the garbage truck, boys Now we got 4.5 minutes here.
How's it going, Captain?
You looking at my gut?
Yes, you were.
I just took a little peek.
I saw ya.
I'm sorry.
What are you looking at my gut for?
I'm just fucking with ya. What can I do with you?
We just drove from Toronto for the garbage-truck convention We just want to get a few rooms, couple of hours for a nap.
Take credit card?
Anything you want, Mr. Lahey Just call me Jim. That's cool.m Take all the stuff out of these motel rooms and load the onto the garbage truck. Leave nothing behind.
We're all sore as fuck, so you two have to do all the loading Do you understand?
Cool, man.
Yeah, I understand.
Alright, boys, we're clear. Hurry up!
Don't wrap the cord up, just take the thing out.
Time, Bubbles?
Two minutes.
It's still clear, boys.
Ow! God.
Oh, good going, Corey.
Oh, yeah! Who's your daddy Grab the carpet.
I need something to rip it up, in the corner.
Use your fingers. They're like fucking skeleton fingers!
Good job, boys.
Heads up, boys.
You guys might have to fight this guy. We're too sore.
Whatever you do, do not look at his gut.
What's going on here? There's no furniture.
What the fuck are we supposed to sleep on? The floor?
What's going on here, Mr. Lahey? Huh?
Where's my furniture? It was here two hours ago.
I don't wanna sleep on a floor and neither do these guys.
What are you looking at?
I'm calling the cops, man.
You can't call the cops.
I should call the cops. I could sue you.
I rented a room, there's nothing to sleep on but a floor.
Stop looking at it.
I'm not.
Stop looking at it, Bubbles.
Julian, I'm just reading where it says Vancouver.
Everybody's looking at it!
It's fucking huge. Let's just get this over with.
Everybody, take a good fucking look.
What's the big deal? It's not a big deal.
Why do you have a problem?
I don't have a problem.
It's you guys who keep looking at it.
You are fucked. So what, you got a gut.
It's not a big deal. Let's go, boys.
What are you looking at?
Open up the gate, yo! Let's go!
Thanks for coming, ladies.
Know what I'm saying? On such short notice.
It's gonna be straight-up, know what I'm saying?
It's gonna be a cash operation You're all gonna get paid today.
It's gonna be dope.
All high-class, J- Roc up in this mo-fucker This is "Ten Toes," Mr. Lahey.
That's the name of one of Bubbles's new kitties.
He's got ten toes. I've seen him, Mr. Lahey.
Listen. The Xs are kittens, Randy. Sex kittens.
Listen, they've used a clever feline simile to throw us off, but if we document everything carefully, Randy, we've got them.
We don't do this all the time. Know what I mean?
We make records, that's what we do.
J-Roc, can you help me, please?
That's my manager, sucker.
Julian, what is this shit? We can't work in here.
There's no mattresses, there's no plumbing-, Shhh! Listen, listen. We got all kinds of towels beds, clean sheets. Come on.
Dude man, this shit's all stuck. Can you open it up?
Oh, shit! No, dude! No, no, turn it off! Oh, shit!
Oh, fuck.
Nice fucking going! That's Julian's furniture.
It's not our fault, Ricky. The switch was wired backwards Well, you better fucking fix it!
We can't, dude. We gotta go do Sarah's hair!
We gotta do it, Ricky.
You're not doing Sarah's hair, you're fixing fucking furniture. Now get to work.
I'll deal with Sarah. Nice fucking going, you idiots Nice one, Trevor. fuck off, Corey.
Dog, I'm gonna set you up with the Fantasy Island theme room, That's Alexis. She got a tattoo. Know what I mean?
But it's 40 mo-fuckers, G.
Hit me up. Have fun. Know what I'm saying?
Yo, DVS. Listen, man, I need more ladies, okay?
I got all kinds of customers. Some are walking away.
I'm losing serious cash.
Alright, I'm on it, dog. I'm gonna call it right now. I'm just letting you know, he keeps a real tight leash on his bitches, man.
Don't care. Bring 'em on I'm gonna call them right now. Don't worry about a thing.
Where's Corey and Trevor Quit staring and fix this fucking furniture. Jesus!
Boys, massages, let's go We're getting a massage, dude?
No, no. I want you guys to give the massages.
No way, Julian.
Just put those gloves on It's no big deal.
Get the fuck in there.
I need your help. There's not enough ladies here Forget it, Julian, no.
Boys, I need your help.
Are you cool with this, Corey?
Thanks, boys.
Hurry up, you gotta fix this fucking furniture.
Here, you two guys are up. You guys head on in there.
Where's this guy at, anyway?
Chilll out, Julian.
Cyrus'll be here in a minute, know what I'm saying?
What the fuck are you doing working with Cyrus?
Well, well, well. If it isn't the big tough Julian.
Duh, Bu-Bu-Bubble telescope, and helmet head. fucking call me a telescope.
Ladies, the boss is home It's been a long time no see, dickweeds.
Why don't you take your little gun and fuck off, Cyrus?
Why don't we fuck on?
Julian, where's the hand cream?
I know one of you dickheads did this to my car.
'Cause you're the only one that knows I failed Grade 10
You failed Grade 10 ? fuck off.
What's this, I'm a fuckhead? Huh?
Actually it says "I'm fucked in the head," 'cause you are Ricky, where the fuck are Corey and Trevor?
I said I wanted them back an hour ago.
I don't fucking know. They went home two hours ago I don't have them. You must still have them.
Get your hands off it! I came for a lady!
Not fucking Corey and Trevor!
Julian made me do it.
Get over here right now!
I get home, the trailer's still a mess and I find you guys here jerking off men?
Whoa, whoa! Nothing actually happened yet.
Shut up. I don't want to hear it. I want you guys to go home and I want you to clean-
Shut the fuck up. Dirty dancer.
I assume you're running this little shit show.
You owe me some money. And I want it right fucking now.
Put the gun away, Cyrus.
Yeah, Cyrus, why don't you fuck off and go home, ass chin.
Chill out for a sec. Listen, I'll give you some money for your ladies tomorrow. So put your little gun away, because we all know you're not gonna use it.
Yeah, 'cause you're too afraid.
You don't think I'm afraid to use this?
Dance, boys.
Come on, man.
There's all kinds of gunfire and shit going down.
I'm calling the fucking cops right now.
Listen, Ty, this is gonna be your chance You're gonna make sure you got the camera.
This is the album cover, mo-fucker.
I'm serious! I want my money or someone'll get shot This is our park, Mr. Lahey!
I can't stand around and take this bullshit.
I'll take all three of you crippled fuckheads on at the same time, or are you scared?
Cyrus, we're not scared of you.
We're just all too sore to fight you because me and Ricky thought Julian was a Samsquanch monster and we beat each other up with baseball bats.
Friggin' Cyrus.
Randy takes his pants off now when he wants to fight He can't fight in tight pants.
He's worried about ripping his precious little pants.
When the pants come off, look the fuck out.
No one here is man enough to knock this chip off my shoulder.
Huh?, I am, Cyrus. I'm way more of a man than you'll ever be you dirty bitch.
Is that right?
Well, what are you gonna do?
Hmm? Squish me with that whale blubber, there, fruity nuts?
Kiss my hand and say I'm a little bitch You're a little bitch.
Say it like you mean it!
I'm a little bitch.
Alright, alright.
That's enough. You beat him.
Now frig off, Cyrus. Get the hell out of here.
And stay the hell out of Sunnyvale! fuck off. I got work to do.
Yo, J, come on, man. Seriously, yo.
Get into character, mo-fucker. We worked hard for this shit I got this shit.
Smoking track...
The album! Just think of the album cover.
Someone want to tell me what the hell is going on here I'll tell you, bitch. bitch?! You call me "bitch"?
I shot the place up!
You didn't call me "bitch" !
Those are my bitches, there, and I'm on crack!
See that pipe?
That's real shit.
Keep shooting, T.
Representin' Sunnyvale hard as fuck!
Hold it down, J! Sunnyvale!
What the fuck was that? What are you doing, J-Roc?
Was that real crack he was smoking?
Here, man, you want some chips.
What are you doing here, Lahey? Get the fuck out of here.
Watch what you're saying, or you'll be fucking next.
I'm not afraid of you, Randy.
I'm not scared of you either You're lucky I'm fucking sore right now, I'll tell you that.
Hey, Ricky. He's your folk art. fuck off, dicksmack.
Guess you won't be needing It anymore, will you, Ricky?
See, Julian, it's not bad.
We can take the tin foil off the walls if you want.
Just leave it. It looks cool.
I like the tin foil too.
I think-
Are Corey and Trevor fucked in the head?
Who can't fix a fucking chair?
Rick, that's the least of our concerns right now, alright.
Jesus Christ!
What do you mean?
Well, Rick, we don't have any money.
The cops seized all the cash from the fucking rub 'n' tug How much do we have left?
Forty bucks.
That's it?
Well, you guys want to get something to eat?
What the hell is that idiot up to now?
Mr. Lahey, can I ask you something?
Why are you making me wear this shirt?
Are you embarrassed about the way I look?
Of course not, Randy. You're beautiful.
When we win Trailer Park Supervisor of the Year, boy, we gotta look professional.
There's no way Barb's going to go for this, Mr. Lahey. Bottle kids!
Are you alright, Mr. Lahey Alright, Randy? I've never been better.
I can feel it. Today's the day, Randy.
Today is the day I receive the highest, most prestigious award there is, and you know what else?
I don't know how, but Ricky is going down today.
And we're going to polish off a quart of rye - each.
Being Trailer Park Supervisor has been a fulfillment kind of reward.
I can fuck around, do whatever shit I want.
It's been great. And when Julian was in jail, it stressed Bubbles out a bit, so I figure it's time to give back to him, to the community at the same time So today, I'm having Community Day.
It's gonna fucking kick-ass too. We got front-end-loader rides, A paint-ball-target range.
And then we're gonna have wrestling.
You know, it's a good chance to make a bit of money for the down payment for the park, which will keep Julian fucking happy and pay off my debt, which, I mean, that wasn't my fault.
But that's neither there nor here nor anywhere.
Right now, I'm just gonna smoke a big six-paper joint and get fucking wrecked and party all fucking day.
Ricky, what are you doing?
Come on, man, we got lots of work to do here Where the fuck are Corey and Trevor?
You seen them?
They're back there, moving Bubbles' shed.
Got a big enough joint there, Rick?
I need Corey and Trevor to work for me today.
I got weed, I'll fucking pay them.
It's Community Day, Julian Listen, why don't you tr focusing on the weed a bit more, instead of being Trailer Park Supervisor.
You're fucking up, man.
Sounds like someone's jealous about me being Supervisor.
No, no! Those plants are getting huge, Rick, okay It's starting to scare me a bit.
Julian, it's one fucking day. We'll get drunk and stoned We're going to have Community Day here.
Bubbles is gonna get to wrestle. He's gonna shit himself.
Heads up - Barb.
Oh, my goodness, Randy.
You look... magnificent.
Jim this is, um, interesting. "Mr. James Lahey, you have been selected as Trailer Park Supervisor of the Year by the International Association of Trailer Parks, Trailer Park Supervisors and Assistant Trailer Park Supervisors. "
The letterhead is incredible and it's so well written.
You know, boys, I really, I really don't have time for this nonsense.
Barb? That's the real thing.
I was nominated four times and this year, I won.
Jim, we've been all through this.
You are not the Trailer Park Supervisor, Ricky is.
Yeah, Babs, that's what I wanted to talk to you about.
They think that I'm still Supervisor of the park.
Look, what I'm asking is this: Make me Supervisor for one day, I'll accept the award, and Sunnyvale can become part of the international union.
Just think what that will do to the value of the park, Barb Jim, I'm not an idiot. What's in this for you?
Well, the award.
Barb, I don't know if you noticed or not, but I've kind of hit the bottom of the barrel lately.
This award is exactly what I need to get me back on my feet again, Barb.
Ricky doesn't even need to know.
He's doing his Community Day thing.
We'll just stay clear of him Barb, they're going to be here in 45 minutes.
Ricky, you're not mad, are ya, that I moved my shed up here to Julian's?
I've always lived by him I just don't want you to think I don't like ya.
That's cool, buddy.
Listen, Corey, Trevor, put the tools down.
I need to talk to you guys. You're working for me today.
Now, I'm not proud of you guys, so don't get the wrong idea.
You still fuck up a lot. But take this.
It's an advance, okay? Now, blindfold Bubbles.
Blindfold me?
Yeah, for all the bullshit we went through while Julian was in jail, alright?
Oh, a surprise?
Yeah, big time.
I fucking love surprises.
You're gonna freak, Bubbles.
Hey, hi.
Uh, there's your lunch, Richard.
Oh, Bubbles, that looks good, that's great. It works there It's... it's good there.
What's wrong with you?
What? Nothing. No, I'm fine. I'm fine.
Listen, can we, uh, have a quick word?
Pepperoni and tuna, right on Listen, you have been working so hard lately, I want to give you a little reward, alright?
Okay, take the day off. The whole day.
Get drunk, get stoned, you know, muck around with Corey and Trevor.
That's awesome, Barb. Thank you.
Yeah. Good.
Are you gonna stop by Community Day and get drunk with us?
Uh, we'll see. Maybe later. But keep it kinda low-key, huh You ready, buddy?
I'm ready. What is it? I can't wait.
Let's get that fucking blindfold off, Trevor.
Holy fuck! A wrestling ring!
Oh, this is awesome, Ricky. Did you build this?
Look at this thing! Real turnbuckles...
Oh, you made banners out of old liquor-store bags Grrrr!
I'm going to get my Green Bastard suit on!
The Green Bastard is Bubbles' wrestling name He fucking loves wrestling. He takes it really serious He's got this old... Would you shut the fuck up for a second!
He's got this old green tarp he puts on and everything and he's got some really good moves.
He's been bugging us for a while to get a ring together and have some backyard wrestling match going, I'm just glad now I can make that happen I can't wait to start fucking hammering people. Rrrr!
Barbara Lahey, I'd like you to meet Mr. Bernie Sandford, International Association of Trailer Park Supervisors.
The IATTPPSATPS, , that's the International Association of Trailer Parks Trailer Park Supervisors and Assistant Trailer Park Supervisors.
Jim Lahey, I've heard a lot about you Thank you. And this is the Assistant Internationa I Trailer Park Supervisor, Carl.
Jason, actually. We met at that conference in Moncton?
We were drinking.
Don't worry about it, Jim. Good to see ya.
Thanks. Randy must've gotten my records mixed up Mr. Lahey?
Uh, every trailer park, as you know, has it's share of troublemakers. Our particular troublemaker is a drunken recidivist idiot called Ricky.
Been in jail eighteen times. He's, uh, cuckoo.
For some reason, he thinks he's Supervisor of the park.
Right, Barb?
Yes, that's right. He does think that.
Hmm. Jason, gin-and-tonic with some hickory sticks.
Right away, sir.
Jim, do you mean to tell me you can't deal with this man Bernie, no one can. It's better just to avoid him.
Trust me on this.
Calm down?! You fucking calm down!
Who's running this fucking trailer park?
Uh, it's um, Community Day here at Sunnyvale.
Right. I didn't want to tell you, 'cause I thought you might think I was putting on a show for the award and all.
Stop it!
Ricky, make them back off!
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you doing?
What are you doing? Give me the gun.
That's 12 shots. That was $24, I hope you know that.
Let's go, come on.
Green Bastard, parts unknown.
Corey, Trevor, get the fuck in the ring.
You look good, buddy.
Green Bastard!
Rick, Rick, Rick.
Who in the hell are these guys?
Jefferson, the paint!
I dunno.
What's Lahey doing with them Community Day.
Nice crowd you got gathered here.
I didn't know you were into wrestling, Jim What the fuck is going on here?
Listen, Ricky. You boys just better cool it You don't know what you're dealing with here today Lahey, fuck off, okay?
Thanks for fucking off for a change.
That is a no-fucking-parking zone, okay?
I want those fucking cars out of here right now.
Get them the fuck out of here.
You must be Ricky.
That's correct, Slick. I am Ricky.
I'm the fucking Trailer Park Supervisor.
Who the fuck are you suit dummies?
I'm Bernie Sandford, , President of the International Association of Trailer Parks Trailer Park Supervisors and Assistant Trailer Park Supervisors.
Move the fucking cars, okay? I got wrestling fans showing up here.
I'm baked out of my mind, I don't got time for this shit Lahey, I want those fucking cars out of here now.
Boys, boys. Uh, just one minute.
Julian, could I have a quick word, please?
I have the chance for Sunnyvale to be part of the biggest trailer-park union in the world.
So what does that mean?
Julian, this is huge. Listen, the bank took my house today Just let Jim be Trailer Park Supervisor for the day, okay And keep Ricky out of the way. But don't tell him.
I don't want him to get hurt. That's not what this is about.
You don't want to move the cars? Fine, boys.
Well, I'm just gonna start pissing in this direction and if these cars are illegally parked, they might accidentally get pissed on!
Richard, don't.
Anybody wanna see pissing?
Don't, Richard. RICHARD!
My car!
I fucking warned them thre times, and they wouldn't listen!
They don't even believe I'm the Trailer Park Supervisor!
I am so very sorry about this.
You're right, Bernie, he's the epitome of refractory.
Tell him, Barb.
Tell him, Julian! I'm the fucking Supervisor here!
You guys won't believe me! It's bullshit!
I'm sorry.
Jim, let me take this one.
Ricky, you and me, come on.
What the fuck do you want to talk about?
You'll find out.
What you've just done, pissing on my car, you have crossed a line with me.
I've had guys throw barbeques at me, they've broke the windows out of my car, they've cursed and sworn at me But the bottom line is, I ain't shook, 'cause if the right hook comes out, crazy motherfuckers like you get knocked out.
Don't be looking me in the eyes, boy.
I ain't got no candy for you. No candy.
Except for the right hook.
Uh, Mr. President, it's lunchtime.
How about some takeaway?
You want some candy?
Did I ask for candy?, Want to tell the fucking right hook, Barb that I'm the Supervisor, not Lahey, 'cause I'm a little sick of this shit. fucking lunatic.
Two buckets of chicken, uh, gravy, uh, mashed potatoes, fries, hot buns, macaroni salad, Cole slaw.
Cole slaw, and, uh, swing by A&W and pick up four double-cheeseburgers, loaded Yeah, deliver it to Jim Lahey, Trailer Park Supervisor of the Year, Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Listen up. Just let him pretend to be Supervisor today That's it. You don't have time anyway Bullshit. I cleaned this fucking park up.
Ricky, did you forget about the 4,000 plants we got growing?
I'm not cool with this.
Barb's fucking cool with Jim being Supervisor for the day That's bullshit. fucking union stuff and candy and right hook Listen, listen. I don't care about that shit We gotta come up with some money for that down payment now.
Like today. And sign a fucking contract.
We can't panic. We gotta think here.
Boys, check it out. We can have people pay to fight us.
We can make a lot of fucking money.
See, that's what I'm talking about right there, Ricky.
Perfect, Bubbles.
You want to wrastle some people?
I'll fucking wrestle.
Corey, Trevor. Get over here You two dicks are gonna go door to door and promote the shit out of this, alright?
Thirty-five bucks a person to watch me and Bubbles wrestle somebody, okay?
I want to deal with that little prick right now, before we make the presentation, I mean right now!
You're right, Bernie. Let's forget about the food.
Can we at least wait for the cheeseburgers?
Is that all that's on your mind, is a hamburger?
Let's deal with it right now.
Come on!
Ladies and gentlemen!
Mo-fuckers of all ages!
The Green Bastard is here by popular demand!
Are you ready to tumble?
Horatio! You're supposed to fucking stop when I stop.
Okay, everybody. Before we get on to the main event, we are going to see the long-bodied alien match.
In this corner, in the shitty old corduroy pants with the translucent skin stretched over an alien frame, it's Trevor, the elongated skeleton!
Get your fucking shirt off, Trevor. Get your shirt off And in this corner, wearing the fucking same old work pants he has on every time I see him, it's Jacob the twiggy alien man.
Go fuck yourself, Jacob!
Get your shirt off too, Jacob.
My god, look at them. They're both fucking aliens.
Okay, boys, I want a clean fight.
I don't want any bullshit and no foreign objects.
Here we go. Let's get it on!
Come on, Jacob! Use your twiggy arms!
Hey, boys. Would one of you guys be Jim Lahey?
I dunno. What the fuck's going on?
I got some chicken and burgers for the Trailer Park Supervisor.
Is it paid for?
Yes, it is.
Well, I'm Jim Lahey, Trailer Park Supervisor.
How you doing? Right fucking on, I'm starving We're fucking pigging out!
No, we're not, Ricky.
We're setting up a booth and selling this now. Here Just be cool and follow my lead.
Hey, Ricky.
You remember the right hook?
We can do this the easy way or the hard way, where this group of fine supervisors forcefully remove you or you get your ass knocked out. ass knocked out?
Are you guys fucked in the head?
This is my fucking park. I'm the Trailer Park Supervisor.
So why don't you dicks fuck off and let me raise money for the community here.
For Sunnyvale.
Hey, maybe you could learn to spell for the community, Ricky Oh, yeah, Lahey?
You notice any spelling mistakes on that sign? Huh?
Yeah, Bubbles. The "R" in "Supervisor" is missing Huh? Aw, for fuck's sakes.
Ricky, didn't you and Bubbles already pay your 35 bucks to wrestle the Trailer Park Supervisors Yeah. Yeah, we did. We paid 35 bucks.
I've been waiting to fight you all day.
Me and Ricky tag team against you and Randy.
That is what the sign says, isn't it, Jim?
Wrestle the supervisor for 35 bucks and apparently you're the supervisor.
I'm not going to wrestle anybody.
Mr. Lahey, come here.
What are you, afraid?
Excuse me for a second, boys Oh, fraidy cat! Fraidy cat ! Lahey's a fraidy cat.
Mr. Lahey, you said that you didn't know how, but today's the day that Ricky's going down. This is how.
Mr. Lahey, have some faith in me. We can do this. We can win for the park.
Randy, if we wrestle them, we have to win.
They stole my fucking cheeseburgers.
Trade ya a bite of my chicken for a bite of your burger.
Ricky, Barb.
What the fuck do you want now?, Okay, here's the deal. Randy and I will wrestle you but when we win, you resign and I become Trailer Park Supervisor.
Barb, why are we getting fucked around with this shit Will you trust me on this? I'll explain it all later, okay?
Fine, Lahey, we'll fight ya.
But when we win, and we will, you have to tell all these people, and especially those supervisor dicks, who the real Supervisor of Sunnyvale is, alright?
And who the real Assistant Supervisor is, too And when we win, we're gonna be Supervisors of the Year That's right.
Come on now, boys, what's it gonna be?
Am I gonna referee a fight, or what?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you cool with this shit or what?
I haven't got any choice. Alright, you guys, I want a fair, clean fight Deal?
Alright, tag-team wrestling match!
Me and Randy against Ricky and-
Green Bastard, from parts unknown.
My god, Randy looks like the hulk!
Go, Randy! Go, get him! Yeah! Randy!
He knocked out the referee Give it to him!
Yeah, Randy!
Take him down, Randy!
Foreign object!
Foreign object!
Two on one, two on one!
Ricky, Green Bastard, you are both dis-fucking-qualified!
What are you talking about? This is bullshit!
Congratulations, Jim. Well done!
Jason, picture.
We've got the cover for this month's newsletter.
Thank you. Barb, put this somewhere safe, will ya?
My fucking head is killing me. Is it bleeding, Bubbles?
Let me have a look.
Oh, look, it's shaped just like a door winder.
Come on, boys, show some sportsmanship and shake Jim's hand.
I'm not shaking his fucking hand.
You're both nothing but born losers.
Go fuck yourself. He cheated.
Ricky, come here. fuck the Trailer Park Supervisor job.
This is for the best anyway.
Trust me. This is a good thing, Ricky., Look, I know right now I'm supposed to swallow my prize but I'm fucking pissed off, man. They cheated. That's bullshit.
They did cheat, but all they really got was that fucking stupid-looking trophy. fuck the Trailer Park Supervisor thing, Ricky.
Now we can concentrate on growing the dope.
Yeah, man.
I'm not fucking happy, boys.
I'm not either. I don't like getting beat by cheaters.
Cheaty, cheater-tons.
Congratulations, Jim.
You are our Trailer Park Supervisor of the Year.
Thanks, Bernie. fuck! And I would like to say that Sunnyvale Trailer Park is strongly being considered for membership in our union.
And when that happens, I will be working side by side with Jim.
Would you mind if we got a picture of you in front of your, um... new car?
New car?!
Well, it's a 1991 Caddie, but she runs like a dream.
That's it, I've fucking had it!
Are you fucking kidding me, a new car?
Calm down, Ricky.
Hey, alchie! Get Raveen under control.
What the fuck did you just call me?
And me? Ricky, I give you permission to do whatever you want to do to get these dicks out of the park.
Thanks, Julian. You fucking idiots, think a union is coming in this fucking trailer park just remember I'm gonna always be here.
I'm never leaving Sunnyvale. Now that I'm not Supervisor, I don't give a fuck about anything.
Jesus H. Christ!
I have to work back shift tonight!
Oh, shit!
My car!
I am so sorry! I apologize This has not happened since...
Oh, I think Jim has a bit of work to do here before your park can be considered applicable for membership in our union. Why don't you give us a call when you get things back in order.
Jason, cab!
Walter, move it.
Ha-ha-ha! Whoo! fuck, Ricky, that was awesome!
That was fucking awesome!
What you think of that, Lahey?
Wipe the smirk off your face, Rick, 'cause you're a loser.
No, I'm not.
Yeah, you are.
No, I'm not.
Yes, you are. fuck off.
Come on, Randy.
Where you going?
To my trailer.
The Supervisor's trailer, Ricky.
Home sweet home, Randy.
Jim, sit down.
I need to speak to you.
Barb, what are you doing here?
Look, I'm sorry. I know you're all excited about being Trailer Park Supervisor again, but this trailer is not part of the deal.
I'm moving in here.
I've got to live somewhere. Sunnyvale is in so much debt that the bank is repossessing... Randy, move back, please.
Randy, stay where you are.
Randy, move back!
The bank has repossessed the house.
And until I sell the park, I've got nowhere to live, so I'm moving in here. Now, don't worry.
I won't leave you and your little friend out in the cold.
I've taken the tent trailer and put it down on your lot.
You can live down there.
And in the meantime, there's lots to do.
There must be 200 back rents owing.
You guys can get busy and go out and collect those Supervise your little hearts out.
Did you guys see that fucking car? It was beautiful.
It should've been mine.
I would've lived in that car for the rest of my life.
Oh, it was nice.
Yeah, that sucks, man.
But just think, Lahey's going to be busy all the time now.
I just can't wait to buy this trailer park and fire those two fucking idiots.
The old tent trailer. Barb sure was generous, Randy.
We're moving up in the world, boy.
Congratulations, Mr. Lahey. You did it.
We did it, Randy.
Let's head to the LC, bud.
We earned it!
Corey Brighthead! He gets him set up for the clothesline!
Omigod, fucking devastating!
You alright, Corey? I don't give a fuck, actually.
Get in here, Trevor. Come on.
No, Bubbles, I'm going home.
Ah, come on, boys. Boys!
Listen up, guys. I need to talk to you., Sorry I haven't been able to look after you properly lately but there's just too many of youse around.
Your parents have been banging like crazy.
There's just so many of youse around right now and I've been losing focus, because I'm in a lot of fucking pain.
But the pain I'm about to feel is nothing compared to what I've been feeling by neglecting you little guys. Oh...
Corey and Trevor are fucking lazy.
At least if we ask Bubbles to fucking fertilize the plants, we know it'll get done.
Shhhh! Listen.
What the fuck's he doing in there?
You cocksucker!
Omigod! What happened?
Bubbles, you just broke my fucking nose!
I'm sorry, Ricky. I didn't know you guys were there.
Sorry. Are you alright?
Come on, come on, get up Get up, Ricky. Are you okay?
That looks like a clean break. You'll be okay.
Here, stick this on your nose. And get rid of that smoke.
Head back.
U.N. President J. Edgar Hoover once said, "Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country".
It's waving, Mr. Lahey.
It's guaranteed tent, Randy.
That's what we're trying to do here in Sunnyvale.
We're trying to get the community to take responsibility for itself.
No more free handouts.
No power hook-ups, no dope growing or anything.
A community spirit rests on the amount of gratuity that the community will give back to itself.
That's why Randy and I - we're back in power now - we thought a bake sale would be a great idea as a kind of meet-and-greet.
Yeah, it'd be a great idea to bring people in the community together and to throw a more dollars back in the Sunnyvale Community Fund.
That Community Fund, by the way, was denuded by the outgoing Supervisor, who shall remain nameless.
Mr. Lahey!
Hey! Hey!
Hey! They're stealing!
Stop stealing!
This is your fund. This is your community.
Holy shit, Bubbles, your face is fucked!
Oh, it's not that bad.
No, no, no. You let that toothache go way too long.
I can get her out.
Open up. Let me take a look.
No, it's no problem.
Let me take a look. Open up.
Bubbles, open up.
Oh, yeah. Your jaw is totally infected, man.
We gotta take you to the hospital, buddy.
No fucking way, Julian.
I don't go to the hospital. You know that. You went to the hospital when you fucked your arm over fixing carts, Bubbles. You gotta go.
But, boys, I had Conky with me that time.
Conky! Don't even say that fucking name.
I hate that little fucker.
In Grade Six, Bubbles made this puppet he called Conky.
What a little asshole.
He took it with him everywhere. It was kind of like his confidante.
His what?
Never mind.
Anyway, we had to take Conky away, because it fucked Bubbles' mind up big time.
Yeah, even though Bubbles was Bubbles, he was two people at the same time.
And he'd try to act like this other person, but he was still Bubbles. It was fucked.
Yeah, Randy, stand by. I might need backup.
Hey, nice look, Ricky. What are you doing?
Picking up rag sniffing now?
Ah! My God, Lahey. Careful Those two shit-rats just pissed on 40 dollars' worth of eclairs at the bake sale.
And Stinkster and Daisy were doing it in front of the kids.
My God.
You better get that looked at.
It looks like it might be infected.
It is fucking infected, dickwad.
What was your first fucking clue?
Written warning.
You keep those damn cats under control, Bubbles.
Your status here as tenant in Sunnyvale is tenable to say the least.
You don't want to put it In jeopardy now, do you, Bubbles?
Frig off, Mr. Lahey.
Julian, Lahey's right.
I haven't been looking after them right, because I've been in too much pain.
Come on, hospital. Let's go.
No! I'm not going.
You don't want to fuck with infection. It's dangerous Ricky, put that down. Come on.
It's fucking stuck to me. Stupid fucking thing.
Boys, what are we doing at this dirty old swamp.
I just gotta check something out, Bubbles.
I gotta get this fucking truck off my hand, boys.
It's driving me fucking nuts !
Here, Ricky.
Just, look, you can unhook the trailer.
That's not glued to you.
Ricky, get rid of that rag You must've stopped bleeding by now, man.
That's disgusting.
What the fuck?!
Ah! It's fucking glued to my face.
Oh, don't pull on it, Ricky. That's contact cement.
It'll rip the skin right off you.
One time I was making a mode I and I glued the wing to a B-17 bomber to my bird by accident.
I was taking a pee.
Do you remember that time I was walking funny for a couple of weeks? I had a wing on my bird., Jesus. Well, now, I got a fucking rag glued to my face a truck glued to my hand. This is bullshit.
Don't worry about that. We'll deal with that later Bubbles, just wait right here. We'll be back in a minute.
Julian, this is fucked!
Don't you guys think I'm going to the hospital, 'cause I'm not.
Julian, I don't know where it is. It was fucking Grade Six.
I was drunk. I don't know where I threw the little fucker.
Ricky, you're gonna have to try to remember, alright?
He's not gonna go to the hospital without it Think!
If that infection spreads, man, it's gonna cause mental illness.
It's gonna be dangerous. I'm telling you right now.
Well, it's in one of these fucking swamps somewhere.
I dunno. Just keep looking.
It's not my fucking fault.
Describe where you threw it again.
In here somewhere. I was drunk.
There's a pond, Rick.
Is this it?
I dunno, Julian. I don't remember any of this Well, check it anyway. I'm gonna look over here.
Holy fuck, I found him, Julian You little fuck-face!
Remember, Ricky, he's only a doll, okay?
I fucking hate him, Julian.
Just ignore him.
We've got to do this.
Let's go.
You fuck with me and it's fucking on, I'll tell you that.
You little bastard.
Julian, this fucking tooth is killing me.
Can't we just rip it out? Alright, she's settled.
We're ripping her out. Let's get a rock and smash it.
Bubbles, I've got something for you.
Omigod. Conky!
Conky, where have you been Omigod!
Omigod, I've missed you.
I thought you were dead for sure.
I thought you were dead too, you little bastard.
Luckily I don't need oxygen to live underwater like you do. Stupid!
Julian, it's starting already. I'm telling you right now, if you fuck with my Conky, I'm gonna fuck with you.
Ricky, Ricky.
I'm out of here.
Ricky, I need your help here, okay?
We gotta get him to the hospital or he could go into a coma What, a coma? A coma? I'm going into a coma?
No, no, probably not. You're gonna be fine, Bubbles.
What's it like in a coma?
Why don't you ask Conky if it's okay to go to the hospital. a Conky, do you think... do you think it would be a good ide for me to go to the hospital and get that fixed?
Well, I think it might be a good idea to go on an adventure with Julian and...
Final warning, there, fuck-face. Final warning.
Hey, Rand. I gave Bubbles his ultimatum Hey, Sarah. How's it going I got some eclairs to replace the ones that were ruined.
Good thing. Lucy and I have been working really hard to hold this shit together.
Yeah, I know.
What is this money going to anyway, Lahey? The liquor store?
It's going to the community.
Okay, what the fuck's been eating these?
Eating them? Cats!
Randy, we've got to do something about the shit-rat problem Seriously, though, what's this money going to Listen, Lucy, don't you worry about the money.
I'm the Trailer Park Supervisor.
I know exactly where this money is going. Come on, Rand.
It's okay, Bubs. It's okay Can I help you?
Yes, you can. My friend's got an abscessed tooth.
We need someone to take a look at it.
No, we don't, actually, Julian.
Let's just get the fuck out of here. I'm fine.
Um, uh, I'm sorry, sir. There's no smoking.
And is this gentleman with you too?
Yeah, I'm fucking with him. What do you mean, no smoking And what is your problem, sir?
Well, now I can't smoke. That's my first problem.
I've got a busted nose. Which I now have a rag glued to.
And a fucking truck glued to my hand.
How's that for a start?
And he's fucked in the head.
He needs a brain transplant.
Conky, I'm serious. You better fuck off.
Washington, code white, please.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Want a piece of me, you little dick?
Don't you touch me.
What is the gentleman's first name?
And what is his last name?
Uh, just Bubbles.
Get the fuck away from me.
Okay, and do you gentlemen all live at the same civic address He lives in my shed. Ricky lives in his car.
Okay. And, um... any health cards? Social Insurance numbers?
Is there any information you can give me?
I do have one last bit of information for you.
This is called the double whammy, which I only bring out for special occasions, alright So why don't you and your whole hospital fuck off You won't help me. It's 'cause I live in a car.
Is that what it is? fuck! Holy fuck!
You guys can fuck off.
What the fuck is this shit I live in a car, you won't fix me up or help my friend?
Nice going, Ricky. fuck you, Conky.
Crazy octo-eyed motherfuckers.
Frig off, Washington.
Are you happy now, Julian?
Bubbles is going to go into a coma and die probably You idiots.
Conky, please. Just don't.
Bubbles, don't worry.
I'll get that tooth out somehow, alright?
Who can go fuck whoseself?
Now you fuck off, you little fucker.
Rick, who the hell are you talking to?
The fucking squirrel on my shoulder just told me to fuck off.
Ricky, you're hallucinating.
Get a hold of yourself, Ricky. Ricky, you just pissed on me Well, you pulled me away Just pretend you're on mushrooms, alright Just go with it. Come on, let's go.
There they are, Randy. We got 'em, boy.
Where'd you get the cookies?
Where'd you get the cookies, boys?
Get up.
On the car. Get up.
I paid for those. A legal transaction.
Those cookies were stole from the bake sale this morning.
That's right. You're stealing them.
Why don't you call the cops and tell them that we stole your cookies.
That's a darn good idea.
I think I just might do that Wait, don't call the cops, dude. Come on, don't, don't.
Okay, I tell you what. You do me a little favour, I won't call the cops. I want you to round up all of Bubbles' cats and bring them to me.
Bubbles, Bubbles, cool it. Just stop that Conky stuff, man.
Get in the car.
It's bad enough I gotta deal with fucking breathing in this shit.
I probably got brain... whatever it's called or, mental, fuck I just can't deal with you. You know that?
I can't fucking deal with you.
Bubbles, stop with the Conky stuff.
Julian, I can't be responsible for every little thing that comes out of his mouth, you know.
I should've left you in the fucking swamp, you know.
That's where you belong, in that fucking swamp.
Who's a good boy? Who's a good boy?
I'm a good boy, Bubbles.
Get in, Julian.
Ricky. Ricky, Ricky.
Are you sure you want to use the Community Fund for this, Mr. Lahey?
The cat population in the park is Malthusian in scope, Randy.
We have no choice.
This is hard, Mr. Lahey.
They're scratching the shit out of us.
The cat's in heat, Trevor, and you're wearing a leopard-print coat? Smart. Real smart.
You know, I think we should get paid more.
No possible way. Put the shit-rats in the car Well, when are we getting paid?
Shut up, Trevor. The shift's not over. Get back to work Goddamned shit-monkeys.
What did you say?
Move on, Trevor. Moving on Holy fuck, boys. Sam's got his vet open again He could take out your tooth, Bubbles.
Well, I got my veterinary practice up and running again, which is great.
It took a lot of bullshit, and I'm on probation for two years with the Veterinary Association of Canada, but it's nice to be back doing what I really love to do.
No fucking way, boys.
You're not thinking of letting that big square-headed, greasy bastard work on my tooth, are you?
Bubs, Bubs, if he can take a cat's tooth out, he can take your tooth out, okay?
It's basically the same thing. Alright, here's the deal.
Ricky and I are gonna go case the joint out, make sure everything's cool, because Sam's fucked.
We can get him to do this, Bubbles.
What do you think?
Alright, Julian. I don't give a fuck anymore.
I just want this dirty fucking tooth out of my mouth.
Bubs, it's going to be okay, alright? You wait here, we'll get the situation under control, then come and get you. Conky, get the fuck out of my face.
You gotta get that thing under control, Bubbles.
He's driving me nuts.
Come on, Rick.
You're not gonna listen to Ricky, are you, Bubbles You're a lot smarter than he is.
Conky, don't start.
Well, well, well, what do we have here?
Jim Lahey's car is at the vet.
What's Lahey doing here?
Why don't you go find out, Bubbles.
Or are you too scared?
Conky, you better fuck off, I'm telling ya. fuck off?
You just remember I call the shots here, Bubbles.
You got it?
Yes, Conky.
Ninety-seven dollars per cat Ninety-seven dollars?
Okay, let's go take a look around.
We got at least 25 cats back at the park.
Ninety-seven dollars? Taxes in?
Lahey? Randy?
What the fuck are you guys doing here?
Looking trim, Randy.
Why in the fuck do you guys have my kitties at the vet I gave you written warning. Now we're using the proceeds-
For what? To have my kitties killed?
You're having my kitties killed!
Bubbles, Jesus!
I'll kill you, Randy!
Give it to him, Bubbles.
I'll kill you!
Bubbles! Bubbles!
You got the wrong idea! Let him go!
What the fuck?
Julian, it must be the fumes. I'm hallucinating, man.
It looks like Bubbles has wings on his back and he's strangling Mike Bullard. fuck, it is Bubbles. Come on.
Is he strangling Mike Bullard?
No, it just looks like it.
It's Randy.
Open the door, I'm going in.
Where'd you get the gun?
Doesn't matter. Open it.
Let him go, Bubbles! Bubbles, let him go!
Hands over your heads!
Bubbles, stop it!
Put the fucking gun down, Sam.
Don't shoot, Ricky.
What's the matter, shitclamp? Out of darts? Huh?
Don't worry, Sam, Ricky wouldn't hurt a flea I said shut the fuck up, Conky.
Don't you fucking move, Sam.
We're probably going to jail over all this bullshit.
Thanks a lot. But before we do, you're going to fucking give us a hand. Au gratin.
Sorry, Sam, but Bubbles' tooth has to come out.
Unfortunately, you are our only option now. Forget about it, Julian. I've already lost my practice once because of you guys. And this shit's still trying to kill me Sam, shut the fuck up, alright? Or next time, I'm not going to miss, I fucking promise you that, You were one of the reasons we went back to jail last time so you owe us.
I owe you?!
Sam, just take out the fucking tooth.
Come on., Look, having a gunfight in the middle of my office I'm sure is a breach of my probation.
Okay, so you want to shoot, shoot. Go ahead.
Look, take out the tooth and I'll get you out of this with the cops. It's not a big deal, alright Holy fuck, purple squirrels!
There's no fucking squirrels. Keep that down.
No more gunplay! fuck, if the cops aren't already on their way, they're on their way now, okay?!
So if you stop the gunplay, I'll do whatever you want.
Why don't you just shoot off your gun some more, very recklessly like?
Did you just call me an idiot, Conky? Huh?
Maybe I did... Raveen.
Alright, "Raveen" is taking it a little too far, alright, you little fucker? He's the fucking man they call...?
Don't say it, Bubbles.
? Raveen...?
That's it. I have fucking had it with you.
Ricky, you're pointing a loaded handgun at a puppet Yes, I am.
Behind the puppet is our friend.
The bullet will go through the doll and kill Bubbles.
Give me the gun.
I gotta kill this puppet, Julian.
Ricky, give me the gun.
Give it to me.
Oh, those were excellent negotiation tactics you used..
Patrick Swayze.
That's not funny, Bubbles.
? Oh my Julian?
My God! Julian, what happened?
I'm sorry, buddy. You were going crazy on us, man.
Smoking much dope lately, boys? You guys are fucked. fuck off, Sam. fuck, the cops are here, boys.
Alright, I got an idea. It's pretty fucked up, but it might work, okay?
Is that dog pee?
Yeah, hold this, Bubbles. I'd say we got about a 10% chance of getting out of this one, boys.
Attention. This is the police.
Put down your weapons...
Is that George Green?
That's definitely him.
Wicked. Forget what I said Our chances just went up to 95%.
Julian, give me your drink.
No way, Ricky.
Do you want to go to jail? Give me your fucking drink What are we going to do?
I repeat. This is the police Come out with your hands up. fucking idiot.
Alright, Bubbles, here's what I want you to do.
Poor that on them. Make it look like they pissed themselves.
Julian, take the darts out of them.
George, it's Ricky!
Randy and Lahey are in here! They're drunk as fuck!
They've been drinking all day! They came here fucking around, but we got it under control! Come on in slowly, just take your time! fuck, boys, here they come.
Ricky, get your darts out.
Not your cigarette darts, these darts.
Pull them out.
Take them out for me, Bubs Oh. Hey, there, George. Karen.
Nobody move.
No, we're not moving.
Would somebody mind telling me what the hell is going on here. We got a report of gunfire There's no gunfire. My car backfired out front That was all. Look, Bubbles had an appointment for his cat and me and Julian brought him down here., These two idiots showed up, drunk as fuck, starting shit mumbling something about shit-wolves.
Then they pissed themselves and passed out.
I don't fucking know. They're fucked. You know that.
Exactly. That's exactly what happened, George.
I can smell the booze from here.
No shit.
Can you smell the pee?
Look at the piss on them.
You going to want to press charges here, Sam?
No, I just want them out of here. I have a practice to run Karen.
Ricky, we can help them, uh... We can help you, George.
Yeah, we'll give you a hand, George.
No problem.
Deal's a deal, Sam., No problem, Julian. You get Bubbles back in here I'll set up my table and we'll get that tooth out, okay?
Can you get that fucking rag and model off Ricky too?
Sure, Julian.
Look at the size of that cocksucker, boys.
Holy fuck.
I know.
Boys, what the fuck is up with me getting shot with three darts and it didn't even affect me I must be, like, a superhero or something.
Maybe you've got so much dope in your system you're immune, Rick.
Well, if that's the case then, Julian, he is like a superhero fucking right.
Holy fuck, Ricky, you know who you are?
You're Dope-Man!
He can smoke a pound in a single bound.
Hey, guys, what's up?
You seen Lahey and Randy around? We gathered up all your cats and we can't find them anywhere.
Haven't seen them?
You helped round up my cats to have them killed?
What are you talking about Lahey's getting your cats spayed, not put to sleep.
You should know we wouldn't do that, Bubbles Give me a break.
Omigod, boys.
What have we done to Lahey and Randy? fuck 'em.
Where are we, Mr. Lahey?
I think we're in the drunk tank, Randy.
Looks like you pissed yourself, bud.
You pissed yourself too, Mr. Lahey.
Oh, not again.
Boys, maybe I could keep his glasses and his little sweater No fucking way, Bubbles.
Come on, buddy. fuck you, Conky.
Look at all this trampled!
Alright, calm down.
Look at all the weed that's fucking ruined!
Look at this, boys. This is fucking snapped.
These are all fucking trampled. There's a god-damned road running through here. Everything was going so fucking good.
All the plants were growing. We planted all four fields They were growing a lot bigger than I expected.
No! Something had to fuck it up. Now I've got weed being crushed, plants snapped off. And something or something is fucking around here and it's pissing me off.
Somebody is definitely fucking with our weed.
Or "something" is.
Here, boys.
Potato guns.
You just spray hairspray in the bottom there and then hit it with these barbeque lighters and a fucking potato will shoot out of there about 400 MPH Here's the hairspray, boys. Here's the lighters. Okay?
Be careful, 'cause they really fucking hurt.
I shot myself in the face by accident one time.
Come on, man. Why don't we got real guns Do you want to go to jail? Don't screw this up, Corey Geez!
Yeah, don't fuck this up Yo, we got this.
You're making me look bad.
Are you guys fucked in the head?
We're over here. Take off the blindfolds.
And don't fuck those up. They're my hockey socks.
Trevor, hands down.
What the fuck is that?
Holy fuck, boys, what if it's a Samsquantch It could be.
They don't exist, Bubbles.
Julian, you try telling that to all the people that got eaten by them. Dirty bastards.
Boys, I'll tell you who it is. It's probably fucking Lahey.
God, I hope it's not a Samsquantch. fuck, I hate those bastards.
Holy shit! Holy fuck! Get the fuck off!
Ow! fuck! Ow!
Help me, Corey!
Jesus, fuck!
Ow, fuck! I'm fucking shot, you idiots! fuck!
You alright, man? fuck, something's got them Come on, get up.
What the fuck is going on over there?
Boys, what was it?
Man, I don't fucking know.
Omigod, boys.
We are officially dealing with a fucking Samsquantch It's probably a ten-footer, by the looks of that stuff Could somebody check and see if my back's cut up, please?
Turn around.
Holy shit, dude.
Oh, yeah, yeah. He'll be okay.
Can we get the fuck out of here, please?
We should probably get these guys to the hospital anyway.
Boys, no fucking way, man.
Come on, Ricky, I'm scared We gotta leave these guys here to protect the weed plants No, no, no. These guys are hurt, Ricky We're taking them back to the park.
We gotta regroup and figure out what the hell that thing was They're not getting in my fucking car. They're bleeding.
Come on.
Blood doesn't come out, boys You're not fucking getting in my car.
Here, Ricky, give me the chips. Hold this, Julian Here.
Ow! fuck, Bubbles, they're salt-and-vinegar.
Ow, what are you doing?
You know what? All you guys do now is complain. I'm gonna start calling you "little complainey twins. " How would you like that?
We're not that hurt, Ricky. We can probably finish the shift.
We can go back to work. Let's go, Corey.
Oh, no, boys, let's go. We'll get you fixed up.
You're gonna fucking bleed to death. Come on. fuck, boys, the lights are on. She's probably fucking awake She's gonna be wild, Ricky I did try. I tried...
Ow! Oh, that's awful.
Guys, listen to me-
Where the fuck have you guys been?
You guys are gonna have to work in the morning, alright Holy fuck. What happened to you guys? What'd you do, Ricky Nothing. You know what? We found these guys drunk in a ditch. They were on drugs, beating each other up.
As a friend, I brought them home so they didn't hurt each other They'll tell you some other lies, but that's what happened That's bullshit, Ricky.
Trevor, smokes, let's go Trevor, don't you dare.
Trevor, let's go.
Let's go.
I only have one left. I wann a save it for the morning.
Trevor, give me the smoke.
Give me that fucking smoke Let's go.
You know what, Ricky? I know you didn't find them drunk. You took them out and you fucked them over again. Do you know these guys talk about how cool you are all the fucking time? They worship the fucking ground you walk on and you treat them like shit. You should try being nice to them for a change.
We love you, Ricky.
Hands down, you guys.
Trevor, let's go, light.
You want to get into this respect bullshit, okay, I'm willing to give these two guys the responsibility of protecting the most important thing in my life right now That's big-time respect and trust.
I'm gonna pay them four bucks an hour.
You don't get it, Julian I'm gonna take them inside and get them cleaned up and you guys can get the fuck out of here and take care of your own little fucking dope plants Corey and Trevor, inside right now. Go!
I wouldn't mind making four bucks an hour, Sarah.
We'd love to hang out with you guys and hire you, but apparently it's clear who makes the pants here.
Sarah, they wanna hang out with us. Please.
Inside, right now. Right now. Go!
What about tomorrow? Can we have them tomorrow?
No. You can't ever have them again, Ricky. Go fuck yourself Go fuck myself?
Sorry, Sarah.
Corey... we'll pick you guys up tomorrow, alright?
Boys, we gotta figure out what the fuck that thing was and deal with this dope problem.
We're not gonna have enough money to buy the park if this keeps happening, boys. We're fucked.
I figured it out, man. It's no big deal.
I'm gonna get a tent and go fucking camp in that field.
Five, ten guns. A big bag of dope.
I'm gonna fucking take care of it.
I'm going to that field and one of us isn't coming out alive It's not gonna be me.
No guns, Ricky.
Go to bed, alright?
We've gotta get up early tomorrow.
Ricky, you can hang out with me in my shed for a bit Got any food?
I got bologna.
Julian, you want a bologna sandwich?
Slow-fry bologna?
I'll take one sandwich.
Hang out with me for a bit Yeah, since, uh, Randy and I have been back in charge, we've been making great strides at collecting the back rent and beautifying Sunnyvale.
Now Barb says that Ricky and the jackass trio are threatening to take it all away.
Those idiots won't be buying anything except a one-way ticket back to con college and they'll be on full scholarship when they get there.
Ricky, check this out. It's some kind of a nest or a bed or something, man.
Jesus Christ.
Julian, I've been watching the Crocodile Hunter, man, and it shouldn't be that fucking hard to catch this thing.
Boys, come here. Look what I found!
Here's where the big son of a whore's been fucking running out of the field.
Holy fuck! Look at all the weed.
Bubbles, hold the binoculars If this thing is down there, Julian, I want you to shoot him, I'm gonna jump on top of the cock-sucker with the net and we're gonna have to beat him with everything we got I could need some help from you dicks, alright.
You hear that there, Mr. Microphone Man?
If we get these thing down you fucking jump in and help us!
Frig off, Ricky.
Don't tell me to frig off.
If he attacks you, I'm not even gonna jump in Boys, I slipped in poop! Bigfoot poop!
Do I got Bigfoot poop on me?
For fucksakes.
Holy shit, boys, don't move.
So that's who's been eating our weed.
You little fuck. Okay, you guys stay here.
I'll throw a net on him, and choke him out.
Ricky, put the net down.
You're not fucking choking him out.
It's just a big kitty, boys.
I can deal with this. I know kitties.
What if he has radies?
It's rabies, not radies.
And he doesn't have rabies He's been eating weed for a fucking month.
He's baked out of his goddamned mind.
I can tell just the way he's standing there.
He only did that to Trevor because he had that leopard-print jacket on See? H's just a big, stoned, horny kitty with the munchies.
Trevor was eating chips,too. Who's a good boy?
Bubbles, we gotta get rid of this fucking cat.
Ricky, he's beautiful! We're not getting rid of him We're taking him back to the trailer park and putting him through rehab. Come on, boy. fuck. Julian, this is fucked!
Who's a good boy? You look kind of French, with your little moustache I'm gonna call you Steve French.
That's a good name for you. Who's a good boy?
Steve French. Boys, we gotta get some food into Steve French, I'd say, or he's gonna start getting wild again.
What do you got to eat in there, Julian?
I've got some fajitas.
Fajitas will work perfect.
All we gotta do is grind up a little bit of dope and put it in with them to start weaning him off the stuff.
Get some dope out, Ricky. Come on, I know you got some I only got personal left.
I'm not giving him any fucking dope.
I know you got a bunch in that Caddie. Go grab some Come on, he needs dope. He's just a helpless little kitty Bubbles, listen to me. This isn't a helpless little kitty, this is a dangerous fucking kitty.
You know he's gotta go, right?
Remember the saying "If you love something, set it free"?
I know. "If it comes back, it's yours.
If it doesn't, it never was. I've heard it a thousand times, but he needs our help right now and the best thing to do is to get some weed in the fajitas Now let's do it.
This is all I got left.
I'll give him some, but I'm eating half those fajitas.
You hear that, Steve, or whatever the fuck your name is Steve French. Julian, don't let him eat all the fajitas.
They're for Steve French.
Hands off the fajitas.
I'm eating half of them!, You hang on, okay, Steve French? Climb up there hang out and give me two seconds and I'll have a big plate of weed-jitas for ya.
Mr. Lahey!
There's... there's a tiger outside.
It's eating... it ate my cheeseburgers! Mr. Lahey!
Some kind of tiger.
It attacked me. It ate seven cheeseburgers You set up this elaborate charade to cover eating seven cheeseburgers? You ate seven cheeseburgers?
Randy, you promised me this would never happen again.
I'm not lying about this. It was a great big tiger thing Look, it puts it's teeth right through the mustard and ate all the burgers! I'm not lying, Mr. Lahey.
Tiger, huh? Steve French!
Maybe those jerks have something to do with this Lahey, did you see anything weird going on around here Yeah, Randy just got attacked by a tiger.
That's right. It ate seven burgers, Julian I'm calling the authorities.
Lahey, think about that. You're gonna call George Green and tell him Randy got attacked by a tiger that ate his cheeseburgers Come on, it was probably Randy.
It wasn't.
Randy, get a net. I'm gonna get my bow.
I'm gonna the bottom of this and you better not be behind it.
Lahey, you're gonna look like an idiot again. fuck!
Julian, we found him.
Well, lock him in your shed.
He was down, fucking around with Donnie's garbage and then he pooped on the hood of Mrs. Peterson's car.
Alright, you go lay down right there, Steve French, okay?
And I'll be right with you You just have a nice nap.
Close it up, Ricky.
Close it up, Julian.
Boys, we gotta get some weed into him, I'm telling you.
Before we... let him go.
What the fuck are you guys doing?!
This is private fucking property!
We know there's a fucking animal in here, Ricky.
Tracks lead right to shit-town. What the fuck's going on?
What the hell are you talking about, Lahey, you idiot?
Look, this is none of your fucking business.
We know what's going on here. You're trying to fill my feet.
Guess what, Lahey, you will never, ever be the fucking trailer-park supervisor I was. Got that You're fucking losing it, bud.
You know what, Ricky?
You already lost it. It's gone, bud.
Whatever it is, whatever you are - gone.
He who looks into the abyss realizes that there's nothing looking back at him.
They only thing he sees is his own character, Ricky.
You understand, bud?
The abyss? The shit abyss?
Means deep stuff, Ricky. You wouldn't understand.
What does it mean, then, Randy? Huh?
What the fuck does it mean?
I understand it.
Oh, you do, do you? No, you don't. Because it's fucked Because everything you asshole say you fucking take from books.
Guess what, I don't steal anything from books.
You guys get the fuck out of here. Get the fuck out of here I'm serious. fucking take your net with you Frig off, Ricky!
Oh, we caught a little animal!
Oh, there's a big fucking animal in the trailer park! fucking dicks. Get the fuck out of here! shit abyss. I'm not scared of the shit abyss. Lahey's fucked s Yeah, well if Lahey sees Steve French and call the Department of Lands and Forests, we're fucked, boys.
What the fuck would they do?
Did you see that tattoo under Steve French's ear?
Well, there's one there and they use it for tracking. They'll be able to track him right back to our dope field. Cops, jail. fuck jail.
I'm not going back to jail, Ricky. Not gonna happen.
Julian, don't be dissing jail. We've had some good fucking parties in there. We have good friends in there.
They fed you, you use their gym. Come on, don't be dissing jail It's not fucking cool.
Boys, boys, boys.
Right now, we gotta find somewhere to put Steve French for a little while. That's the task at hand Over where J-Roc used to hide his skin mags Come on, Steve French.
I don't know, boys. He might get scared under there.
He'll be fine, Bubbles. It's just for an hour or so, until we can figure something out.
You hide under there, and we'll be back for you.
Alright, boys, I'll go-
J- Roc?
Who let that thing out of the zoo?
What are you mo-fuckers doing here, know what I'm saying Boys, calm down. That's my kitty in there.
You need to control that mo-fucker, man.
He won't hurt you. He's just-
Yeah, okay. A lion, yeah What the fuck are you doing here? Thought you were in jail Mo-fucker, as far as you're concerned I am in jail, know what I'm saying? My moms don't even know, yo.
He only got sentenced to community service, man, and community service does not sell records, man Alright, alright. So let me get this straight.
You're hiding underneath the trailer, pretending you're in jail?
I ain't pretending! Alright, I am pretending I'm in jail.
I had no idea. I thought-
Don't tell nobody, though!
Can we talk about getting some weed into Steve French and calming him down?
Bubbles, where the fuck did you find a lion at, man?
I ain't going back there. fuck that, man!
Ah, fuck! He's gone!
Trevor, what the hell are you doing in our trailer What are you doing?!
Trevor! Stop, drop and roll, Trevor!
That's for fire, Randy. Trevor, ball up, boy!
Trevor, ball up, make yourself as small as possible!
Trevor, what the fuck is going on here?
I don't want to talk about it. Leave me alone.
Jesus, why does he have no pants on?
Your tiger was chasing Trevor, who hid inside the trailer Then he went that way.
Which way?
Omigod. Did he do things to Trevor Yeah, he did, Bubbles. That's the last straw.
I'm gonna call in the heavies.
Mr. Lahey, please.
Can you please, please, don't do that?
This is a dangerous situation, Bubbles. I have no choice but as Trailer Park Supervisor to make the call. fuck you, Lahey and your little Trailer Park Supervisor bullshit!
You don't even know what a fucking supervisor is Randy, where is he?
He went that way, Ricky.
Jim, Jim. You sure you want to do that?
Cause it'd be a real shame If everybody in this trailer park knew about those Viagra burgers. I'll tell Ricky.
Alright, Julian, you have two hours to get the situation under control.
Thanks, Jim.
Here kitty, kitty. Steve French!
Steve French!
Julian, this is fucked, man. We gotta deal with this. First, it fucks over 50 grams worth of dope, now it's fucking over the park Ricky, we're getting that cat out of here today.
Steve French! Here you are Bubbles: one, Steve French: zero.
Mm, turkey and garbage juice.
Steve French, Steve French, you just relax, okay?
Who's a good boy?
You go lay down.
Ah, fuck!
Listen, you can hear him. He's in there, that's who did it.
Yeah, I hear him.n Ricky, you want to tell me why there's a mountain lio trying to bang one of my boyfriends?
There isn't.
Look, I can explain it all I know he looks like a big, ferocious crazy thing But he's not. He's just a little kitty at heart and he's mixed up 'cause he's hooked on the weed, Trevor, if you took this off, that has the leopard on it he probably wouldn't try to do things to you., He wasn't trying to kill you, he just found you attractive probably, 'cause you do kind of have a long slender body. fucked up again, Trevor. Nice going.
Let's go, fuck!
Ricky, get this cat out of here or I'm pressing charges There are kids that live here, for godssake.
You know, children, family I know what fucking kids are ! I'm a hell of a lot better dad than you'll ever fucking be.
You have no idea how stupid you are, do you?
Actually, yes, I do.
All he needs is, like, 125 tins of really high-quality cat food and that will distract him from the weed. I promise.
He's not a bad kitty.
Not that much weed, Ricky, that's good.
We're trying to wean him off the stuff, not get him hooked on it.
You can't get addicted to weed.
You did a good thing here.
I know. Look at him go.
He doesn't need hardly any weed and he's all calm.
I could keep you forever.
Bubbles, he's not a shed kitty.
He belongs in the wild. You know that.
Yeah, Bubbles, I mean, look, we'll just take him and we'll let him go free.
Just like a little test. And if he comes back, it forever was, just like the saying.
It's the best thing for him.
I know. Well, we're gonn a have to take him to the other side of the mountain to let him go and we'll just have to modify one of my food dispensers to put a little less weed in his food every day.
That should work fine, I guess There's no fool like an old fool.
The shit abyss.
Hey, boys.
Hey, Jules.
We're taking the mountain lion out of the park now.
Thanks for not being a dick on this one, Jim.
No problem.
Appreciate it.
He's wasted, Julian.
I didn't tell anybody about that Viagra thing, okay?
Does that stuff work?
Oh, yeah.
The shit abyss.
Mr. Lahey, not another night of the shit abyss.
Oh, fuck it..
Come on, Steve French, in you go.
We're going for a little drive There you go.
What's that fucking smell?
Keep driving, Rick.
Steve, I know you didn't shit on my seat No, everything's cool, Rick.
Steve French pooped on the seat.
Come on, Steve French.
Come on now, look. Come here Now I rigged this dope contraption up for you.
And the way I got it geared, a little less dope will come out each time. Aw, you don't give a fuck!
Look, you just press your paw onto there. Like that, see And then the dope will drop out here, okay?
It's time, buddy.
Okay, come here, little buddy. I'm gonna unhook you.
You're free.
Ah, fuck.
Boys. If you love something, you set it free and if it comes back to you, it's yours.
But you can't keep him, buddy.
If it comes back, it's yours You gotta get out now. I gotta take you to the wild Come on, Steve French. Come on now, look.
This is for the best, apparently, so you're gonna have to go now. So go on, git.
Go on. Get going and stop looking at me with those big fucking cute saucer eyes of yours. Just go on.
Look over there, Steve.
Look at her.
Go on, Steve French, go get her.
Show her how you jump and show her that big package of yours.
Good kitty.
You did the right thing, buddy.
I know. Thanks, boys.
Are you guys crying?
No, we're not fucking crying
Anyone see you, mo-fuckers?
Coast is clear.
Come on in, mo-fuckers. Gimme that, I'm starving.
Straight up, man. Listen. My man Scamp, he got the ends on the whole Snoop tour, baby.
The whole tour, coast to coast, nation wide, city to city.
He's gonna have the dope to drop at every show and we is gonna collect top-dollar commission, homie How many points?
Ten piece each.
Ten fucking piece each!
That's twenty-grand, mother fuckers!
I'm telling you, man.
Lose that bam shit. That shit is wacked, man.
Don't ever say that again.
A'ight, T. fuck, yo, J, on the real, this time, there can't be no mistakes The truck is gonna be here Thursday morning, alright?
We're gonna load up the cheeba and we're gonna go straight to Moncton for the first show and throw it down, baby.
This shit's gonna drop.
We got a serious deal lined up with DVD, T and J-Roc.
They know a guy that knows a guy that knows a promoter for the Snoop Dog show in Moncton.
The guy's gonna buy 250 pounds of weed off us, pay for it up front, which is fucking awesome.
Trevor, let's go. Chips.
So basically, we need a big rig to haul the dope up to Moncton Problem is, these two fuck-ups steal a propane truck.
So now we gotta empty out all the propane, then we'll jam the weed in the tank and drive it up there, so it's gonna work out.
Trevor, more chips, let's go Basically, peach and cake.
But it just pisses me off that these two are always fucking up.
Anyway... gonna be rich.
Everybody still thinks I'm living in jail, though, right?
The streets is talking. You're good.
It's all good, man.
Nobody knows I'm living under my mom's trailer?
'Cause that'd be wacked, T .
I know, man. Come on now If I don't go out hard.. .
Your fate's in our hand, man The plan's working to perfection.
And my record's gonna drop. We're going to the top.
Alright, boys, let's do this. It's gonna be easy.
You know why?
'Cause Lahey and Randy are stupid as fuck.
What are we gonna do?
Get over here, Corey.
Did you guys put the costumes out with Lahey's garbage?
We laid them out so they could see them.
What now?
Just get in the truck, boys.
It's some kind of fuckin distraction for those shitnicks!
Brake burn, Ricky. shit! Get the fuck-
Hang on, hang on. There's a stick here.
Barbara, how you doing?
Uh, Randy, why don't you go and get our uniforms from the car, please.
Have a seat.
I'll pour you a little, uh, a little stiffener.
Jim, whatever happened to the way things used to be Yeah.
Yeah, well, I have to sell the park, Jim Think about that.
Yeah, Barb, I've been thinking about nothing else.
I think it's a bad decision.
Yeah. You know, I miss the simpler days.
Before the drinking, before Randy.
Yeah, when we used to go camping together in this old thing., Yeah, I've come to terms with your life and I accept it but I just want us to be able to move on.
Move on?
Yeah, you know I'm...
You wouldn't have my old engagement ring around, would you?
Who's getting engaged?
Ah, Randy, thanks.
Uh, just wait outside for a sec, bud, will you?
I'll be right out there.
Whatever, Mr. Lahey.
I don't know what it is, but I just got a bad feelings something's gonna happen today. There's just so much stres with the dope and the Snoopy Dogg thinge and I got Barb wanting to spend time withm and then there's always fucking Lahey, the nightmare.
And now my dad's fucking me around.
He won't drive rig for us.
He's all afraid that now he's in this wheelchair, fucking over the government, he's gonna get caught and things aren't legal.
Just pisses me off. In the good old days, he'd drive rig no problem. But then he fucked it all up I got a frigging muscle spasm in my back, you know.
Gear slipped. Air brakes were shot to hell.
I mean, there's nothing I could do Boom, right into the post office He mention he was wasted out of his goddamned mind?
Some guys can drink and drive, some guys can't.
What is drunk? Is drunk going all over the road?
Hey, Flipper, come on now, settle down there, buddy.
He was fucking hammered, , but the problem is that me and Julian can't drive 'cause if we get pulled over, we're fucked.
So the only person who can drive is Bubbles.
He's basically the only clean license we can pull together Now I just gotta find some clean plates.
Ah, man, these are my prize possessions, these plates.
These things took me from Tuscany, Arizona to Kentville, Nova Scotia, man fucking getting them bronzed.
The way I see it, it's not a big deal.
I'm gonna steal the plates from the old man.
I'll give him $16-1800 after the Snoop Dogg deal, and no big deal.
You dirty cocksucker. Grrr Alright, boys, Ray's plates are on.
Good job, buddy.
Boys, I can't wait to drive this fucking rig.
I love rigs.
Looking good, boys.
Now all we gotta do is register those plates and they're legal Nice.
It's actually a pretty good idea this time, I think, boys.
Hi there, boys. Ricky, there's your lunch.
Julian, can I have a quick word with you, please? fucking awesome, look at that.
Is that cigarettes? Just want to make sure there's gonna be enough money to take care of Ricky's little accounting errors and still be able to buy the park.
Oh, yeah.
Good. I'd like to adjust our agreement a bit.
What do you mean, adjust We have an agreement here, Barb.
Ah, fucking pepperoni. Peanut butter.
I'd fucking love to have one of those.
Want it?
I can have that?
Don't tell Barb, alright I think that it's only fair that I should be able to keep my trailer and live in it rent free afterwards Come on.
Come on. That's fair.
Alright, I might be able to do that, alright?
Good, good.
Thank you very much.
And I'd just like you to know there's gonna be a little announcement made in the not-too-distant future and I do hope that you are gonna be supportive of it, Julian.
What are you talking about Ricky, I'm off to the liquor store, can I get you something Yeah, just get me a forty of anything and some of those grapefruit vodka coolers.
Those are fucking awesome.
Okay, see you later.
Thanks for the cigarettes.
Oh, no problem, see ya later, hon.
Look at that.
Barb wrapped up cigarettes for him in the Saran Wrap.
Julian, there's a lot more going on than Barb just giving him lunches.
I think they're doing dirty things Let's forget about that fucked-up topic for now fuck!
Listen, man, a buddy of mine set up a rig-driving exam at the D.W. Truck Driving School for you, man.
Now you're sure you want to drive to Moncton?
No, I don't want to drive to Moncton.
Of course, I want to fucking drive to Moncton.
I'd drive that thing anywhere.
Well here's the eye chart they use.
Make sure you study it.
I'm not studying that, I don't need it. My eyes work fine Oh, they work fine. How many fingers, buddy?
Ricky, you know I don't like that game.
Stop teasing me, boys. I'm gonna get my rig license I'm gonna be just like that BJ and the Bear cocksucker Except I'm gonna have kitties in my truck instead of a dirty-ass, stinky little monkey.
So let me get this straight.
You want to break up with me so that you can marry Barb to benefit us.
Can you explain that to me, Mr. Lahey?
It's a question of security, Randy.
Have you lost your mind?
No, Randy, I haven't., I'm considering the benefits, but the way Barb is acting I think she's come to grip with mine and your relationship.
We can still see each other, Randy, on the side.
Just like old times.
Mr. Lahey, I'm not the type of guy you see on the side anymore.
If you marry Barb, I will very seriously rethink our relationship.
"James. "
Did you fucking see that, Ricky?
Awesome, buddy.
Did you see that?
I put on a truck-driving clinic today Thank you very much. What'd you think? How did I do Not good.
I don't know how you passed your eye test, son, but you can't see jack shit. Jack shit!
I can see that you're being a bit of an arsehole right now Give me my rig license.
Yeah, you're putting us in a pretty shitty situation here Give me back that piece of hash, then. This is fucked.
Can't give you back the dope, I can't give him a license It's just not safe.
He can't see.
How many fingers, son?
He can't see jack shit!
All of them.
How many fingers, son?
Double, Rand.
Glasses are in the cupboard. rye's in the freezer, we're out of ice.
Randy, I know what I'm doing, boy.
No, I don't think you do, sir.
Randy, we're not really breaking up.
I already explained that to you.
Randy just doesn't understand.
I mean, I love him dearly, but I hate Ricky more.
I just don't want to have to put up with that prick for the rest of my life. You know, he grew up as a little shit-spark from the old shit-flint and then he turned into a shit-bonfire.
And then driven by the winds of his monumental ignorance, he turned into a raging shit-fire storm.
If I get to be married to Barb, I'll have total control of Sunnyvale and then I can unleash a shit-nami tidal wave that will engulf Ricky and extinguish his shit flames forever.
And with any luck, he'll drown in the undershit of that wave. shit waves.
Listen, eyes, I asked you nicely to just work once good for me.
And what do you do? You fuck me over again.
Little bastards. fuck.
Bubbles, come on, get over it, alright? It's not a big deal I've seen you driving the rig, you were fucking incredible.
You remind me of the old man We're gonna get you a fake license and what Julian doesn't grow won't burn him.
Make that monkey noise again, buddy.
I don't wanna-
Bubs, Buds, did you get it Man, he passed with flying fucking carpets.
It was awesome.
Congratulations, buddy.
Check that out, boys. Registration for the truck One-hundred-percent legal.
No way. Awesome.
No fuck-ups, boys. Nothing can go wrong this time No there's definitely no fuck-ups, buddy.
I'm proud of you guys.
Here, Bubbles, you got your license, man.
You hold on to that, alright Yeah...
Hi, Jim.
Jim, what the hell are you doing?
Babs, hear me out.
I know things have been awkward between us lately, and I admit I've been going through an experimental stage with Randy and liquor and drugs and drinking and driving, but what I really want is you. Us.
Me and you and Trina.
Barbara Lahey, will you marry me again?
Jim, what are you doing?
You're drunk, aren't you?
I-I-I th-thought this was what you wanted.
You told me to bring the ring over.
You said you wanted us to move forward.
Oh, Jesus. Move forward separately, Jim Look, you, um, you better mix a drink or get the one you left outside, okay, because I'm marrying Ricky And I'm selling the trailer park to Julian.
And this is two-weeks notice for you and Randy.
You are no longer an employee of Sunnyvale.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Jim, I'll pay you and Randy for two weeks, okay?
But I need you to take this seriously.
I need you out of the trailer park. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Alright, boys.
Time for the final test.
My god.
Here, get up.
Oh... Omigod, boys.
How was it?
Boys... heh-heh-heh... that is hands-down the best dope I have ever fucking smoked Yes! Alright, tomorrow we harvest, boys.
We're gonna have to get Corey and Trevor out here to give us a hand.
You guys want some of this shit? fuck that, Ricky. If it knocked you on your ass, it'll tear my head right off.
Holy fuck, boys.
I'm still baked from the test joint this morning.
Hold him up!
Hey, Randy. Randy.
Guess what happened. We got fired.
But it's okay, man.
Because tonight, I'm gonna put on that nice little dress you like so much and we're gonna get drunk together, okay? fuck you, Mr. Lahey. You fucked up.
Randy. Hey, Randy. Randy Randy!
Dad, just calm the fuck down I need your driver's license for ten minutes, just to make a photocopy for the family scrapbook.
It's not a big deal. Yeah, just want to make a photocopy of it Alright, thanks, Dad. See ya Ricky, honey, we've got to talk.
Ricky, I can't tell you what you've done for me.
And I want to settle down.
I want to start a family again Holy fuck, I love licorice Me too. Me too.
So what I'm asking is, will you marry me?
Hold on a minute here, Barbara.
Did you just ask me if I wanted to get married by you?
Wow. I mean, I'm flattered that you'd ask me stuff.
I mean, it's been great banging and hanging out.
But, Barb, there's stuff about me that you don't know or you wouldn't understand. I'm fucked.
No you're not. You're not fucked.
Listen, you can grow your dope and get drunk and listen to Helix and play video games and not clean up as much as you want.
That's cool with you?
Yeah. So what do you say fuck!
There you go.
Okay, this one's got a leak. Charge them an extra five, Bubs.
Alright. Your tank's fucked. You need some extra money.
Holy fuck, Ricky's moving at a good clip.
Ricky, slow down. Slow. Hit the brakes!
Ricky, what are you doing? We got propane over here!
Holy fuck, Ricky! You come in like Seabiscuit, you don't even bother with your brakes anymore?!
I don't know what the fuck happened.
Oh, fuck.
You're fucking crazy.
Somebody cut my fucking brake lines!
No, you're stoned and you're paranoid.
Ease off on the six-paper joints, Rick.
Hang on now. Let's butt that out and save it for later Nice driving, Ricky. We just popped in to let you know Corey and Trevor are officially mine now.
Sarah, I am so sick of your bullshit, okay. I own Corey and Trevor, Corey and Trevor belong to me and that's never gonna change. Never.
Spit it out, shitsnap, what's the big fucking news? Okay, well, we heard that Lahey asked Barb to marry him and she said no.
And then we heard that Barb asked Rick to marry her.
We heard you said yes, Ricky Everybody in the park is talking about it.
So me and Corey asked Sarah to marry us and we're getting married, dude.
Hands down, let's go.
Congratulations, Ricky.
What the fuck are you marrying Corey and Trevor for?
What in the fuck are you doing? Are you getting married That was a fucking unexpected announcement, Ricky.
No shit. How's she gonna marry both of them?
That's fucked!
Not that.
You getting married.
Ricky, what are you doing?
You're not really marrying Lahey's ex-wife are you?
I dunno. I think so. I dunno. fuck, I dunno!
Ricky, what do you mean, you think so?
Look, Julian, I was baked out of my fucking mind.
It seemed like a good idea at the time.
It's not every day someone asks you to fucking get married. It's pretty fucking cool.
Listen to me, Rick. We're about to sell a huge amount of dope here and get rich, okay?
What if you marry her and it doesn't work out, huh Marry somebody else?
No, I'll tell you what's gonna happen. She can take half your shit.
She can take half your car, half the trailer park, half your video games, she can even take half your cigarettes, Ricky.
That's not gonna happen, man 'cause most of that shit's ours.
Not just that, Ricky. But you're supposed to get married to somebody that you think is special, not just somebody that fucking fires a lunch together for you and you go and get your freak on with Do you even love her?
"Probably. "
Ricky, Lahey will hunt you down, okay? Go talk to Barb, tell her you were too stoned at the time and you need to think about it, Yes, marriage is a big deal and everything but I don't think it's as big of a deal if you're not the one proposaling it, because you're not the one that thought of it in the first place and asked the other person to do it.
So I got to talk to her.
What the fuck? What kind of an idiot leaves a fresh pack of smokes, a lighter and a big fucking piece of pepperoni? Right on.
What the fuck? What the fuck?!
Who's fucking with me?!
I'm still taking your fucking smokes!
Lahey. Two tanks, eh?
Randy must be going through a fuck of a lot of propane eating all those cheeseburgers.
Fill her up, Bubbles.
What do you want, Lahey?
I just want a little propane Just like everybody else.
These are already full.
Yeah, right, so you can call the cops. I'm not an idiot, Jim.
Listen, Julian, I don't give a fuck what you do anymore I just want a little propane, propane. To start the flame.
? It's time to start the game Jim, Jim, Jim, listen, I heard what happened with Barb today.
Keep it together. You're starting to lose it, buddy Hey, maybe we can work something out once I buy the trailer park, Jim, huh?
? Time to start the game?
Mr. Lahey-
Lahey, you're peeing yourself!
Here you go, Jim. ? Propane propane?
There you go.
Thanks, Bubbles.
Julian, what in the fuck was he on I dunno, man, he's fucked.
I've never seen him that fucking crazy.
He pissed himself and he didn't even notice.
Alright, alright. Forget about that.
Listen, we're out of propane. Let's get rid of that truck. Go put it by Barb's place. I'll hook up with you later at your shed.
Propane? propane?
Took the truck back, Julian.
Nice work, buddy.
Hey, Lucy.
When did you learn how to drive a rig?
I've been fucking driving rigs all my life.
Huh. Where the fuck is Ricky and what is this bullshit about him marrying Barbara? That selfish son-of-a-bitch.
I haven't seen him all day, Luce.
Oh, that's weird. Another police helicopter, huh I wonder what they're looking for. See you boys in jail. Bye Julian, what the fuck do you think they're looking for?
The dope fields, aren't they Probably just training, buddy.
Yeah, training to throw us in jail.
Get going, you son-of-a-whore!
Me and the old man made this. An electric turkey deep-fryer.
There's nothing better than deep-fried turkey.
Just plug her in and adjust the temperature with this thing right here What the fuck?! fuck! Who's fucking with me?
Think this is fucking funny? You fucking idiots.
Oh, now, Ricky, that was a perfectly good turkey.
Now come on. Let's go get it We'll put it on the barbeque. It's fine.
Barb, somebody's fucking trying to kill me.
Ricky, come on.
Careful, it's wet there.
Oh...d Coming up, police have found and destroye three huge fields full of 12-foot-high marijuana plants...
... near the Halifax airport Details at the top of the hour. Now back to...
Julian... that's our dope fields they're talking about on the fucking news!
Alright, alright, alright.
Calm down. Calm down. Bubbles, calm down!
Listen, they only mentioned the ones by the airport.
They didn't mention the one by Highway 5.
Well, they're gonna find it, though. Eventually.
We're gonna have to harvest it, like, tonight We gotta get Ricky.
One hot bubble bath, ready for action.
Did you leave the propane on in the barbeque?
No, I don't think so. Why?
I think I smell propane. I'm just gonna go double-check Get in the tub. I'll be right there.
Okay, have you seen my smokes?
Ricky, they are in the little cabinet beside the bed marked "dope" where they should be.
Where's Ricky?
What's the matter, Julian?
He's in the trailer.
Let's go get him.
What's the-
Holy fuck, look at the size of that firefly.
He's actually on fire, I think. Decent.
That was Lahey. What the fuck's he doing?
Come on.
What in the fuck?
Barb, where's Ricky?
He's in the trailer.
Let's go get him.
Holy fuck!
What in the fuck?! fuck. Are you guys alright? She blew.
She blew. Ricky!
Holy fuck!
I thought you were a goner. Your cigarette is on fire!
Oh, Ricky.
Put 'em down.
Jesus, the hot tub saved me. It must be fire retardant or something. It saved me. What the fuck happened?
When we saw Lahey earlier, he had two full propane tanks, he was drunk as fuck and he pissed himself.
I think he's trying to kill you, Rick.
Julian, Lahey's way too fucking stupid to come up with this shit.
Tick-tock, tick-tock, the shit clock's ticking, Rick You trying to fucking kill me, huh?
What the fuck did I ever do to you?
Jim Lahey, you are sick!
Listen, the cops found the dope fields.
We just heard it on the news They didn't find the big one, though. Up by Highway 5.
We gotta harvest tonight, Ricky. Come on, get it together. fuck, we're probably not going to be able to use this truck How are we gonna get the dope to Moncton?
Don't worry about that.
Come on, Ricky. Well, wait a second, Ricky. Don't you think that we ought to call the fire department or something, honey?
Barb, it's a little fuckin worse than it looks, so fuck it.
I gotta get some cigarettes and cops and dope and...
I gotta get something to eat What the fuck? Ricky, where the fuck are Corey and Trevor?
They better not be in that fucking trailer.
They weren't fucking in there. I don't know where they're at.
It's not my fault they got off their leeches. Guess what else fuck Corey and Trevor. Lucy, smokes, let's go. fuck you!
You know what, Ricky?
You better start caring abou what happens to Corey and Trevor or you're going to be sorry.
Oh, is that right?
Yeah, it is right, Ricky.
Nice, girls. Great.
Real nice to see you.
Come on, Ricky. We gotta get to the dope field Go get changed and hurry up.
I gotta get changed too.
I can't harvest dope in my good clothes. They'll get ruined.
Bubbles, you gotta hurry up. We got no time to waste here Jesus, Ricky!
Officer George Green, please Ah, oh, George, it's Barb Lahey.
Listen, I, um, I am sorry to bother you, but it's Jim. I think he's lost it.
Oh, hi, Barb. Yeah, I know about Ricky.
Yeah, well, someone had to kill him, Barb.
Terry, that is fucking awesome news, buddy. Thank you so much.
Look, I'll send some weed to the library, okay?
Talk to Phil. Thanks, buddy. Talk to you later.g Corey and Trevor are on the way, they'll to start harvestin right away. Just talked to fucking Terry He's got a deal set up with a courier company.
We can express-ship the whole shipment right to Moncton with courier thing, guaranteed by 12 o'clock tomorrow.
If we can pull this off, we'll have enough money to buy the trailer park.
How are we gonna get the weed to the courier company?
We're gonna go borrow a truck, fill it full of weed, they're gonna take care of the rest.
The only problem is it takes 30 fucking points What?!
There you mo-fuckers are Know what I'm saying? What's this shit on the radio about the cops found your weed?
No shit.
Don't say you got no mo-fucking weed?!
The show is in two motherfucking days, man, and my shit's on the line. I need some motherfucking weed Will you chill the fuck out? Listen, we got one field left.
Everything's going to be cool.
Lots of weed.
I got a whole field of fucking weed. I got more weed than you or anybody can have. There's lots of fucking weed Landscaping company over here, if anybody's wondering what all the weed talk is.
Ricky, what the fuck happened to your head? fucking Lahey blew me up. What happened to your head Why you wearing a wig, J-Roc? That's fucked.
Man, I ain't J-Roc. That mo-fucker's in jail, yo This ain't J-Roc. J-Roc's in jail 'till the album drops.
That's right, T.
Boys, let's go harvest. We got until sunrise before the cops start searching again. Let's go.
See you guys in Moncton.
Terry said it should be open. The keys should be in it.
Throw me your donair, Ricky.
Don't eat any of it, Bubbles Here, take my handgun.
Go boys, move!
It's come down to this, boys We're gonna be rich or we're going the fuck back to jail.
Julian, what the fuck are you talking about?
We're not going to jail.
Ricky. Corey and Trevor. Think about it.
Those guys are responsible for all that dope, man.
I dunno.
It's gonna be fine. I know they're stupid as fuck, but they're getting a lot smartable and they can do this One, cut down the weed. Two, bundle in neat piles and put in bags. Man, that's easy.
Three, keep in radio contact and don't fuck nothing up.
Oh, we fucked up. Damn, dude, Sarah.
We didn't do the dishes or clean the litter. We're fucked.
She's gonna freak.
Don't worry about it., I needed a break anyway. We'll go home, take care of that come back here and finish this up. It'll be 20 minutes They'll never know we were gone.
Turn off the fucking lights, Bubbles.
Oh, yeah, Ricky, that's no problem.
Here, I'll just switch those off and manoeuvre this gigantic truck down a little narrow road in the pitch black.
Here, try Corey and Trevor again.
Ricky, put that out.
Papa Bear to dick and Weed. Where in the fuck are you guys We're almost to the den.
For fuck's sakes.
They must be still harvesting.
Hope they're almost fucking done.
Holy fuck, boys.
What?! What? I'm fucking baked, but I think I just saw Lahey in a dress in the woods. It looked just like him.
I swear to fuck.
Ricky, give me the joint Idiot.
Thank you, thank you.
Ricky, you got the whole fucking cab here hot-boxed.
I can't see jack shit.
Oh, fuck!
Omigod!, - Was that a fucking moose ?
Omigod, boys. I don't know but whatever it was, it flipped over about three fucking times What if it was a Samsquanch?
Bubbles, turn on the lights.
Oh, fuck!
Are there any survivors?
Thank God you're here, dudes. What's up?
Why in the fuck aren't you guys harvesting the dope?
You better be fucking done.
Well, we just started.
Yeah, we forgot to do some shit for Sarah, but we're coming right back as soon as we're done.
How fucked in the head are you guys?
I left you a simple little list. The sun's probably gonna be up in three fucking hours, you morons!
Ricky, can you get us out of here, please?
The car's on fire. It could blow. We gotta get them out.
Bubbles, it's gonna burn itself out. It's no big deal Trevor, stop complaining. Stop being so fucking selfish.
Let's go, smokes. You're fucking lucky.
Well, I want to thank you two, because we are now officially fucked.
Ricky, we're not fucked yet. We just need to find some people to help us harvest. Come on, boys, we can do this.
Oh, yeah, Julian, it shouldn't be too hard, out in the middle of fucking nowhere here.
Find a whole bunch of people to help us, that's easy enough Dude, the car is on fire !
Corey, it's not that bad All right? Stop complaining, get down there and cover your faces. I know what we're going to do here.
The two of you, shut the fuck up.
We're sorry, Ricky.
Put your head down.
Shut the fuck up.
I can't believe how fucking stupid you two are Okay, boys, sit tight.
We have to leave you here.
We gotta get a chain.
All right, boys, here comes our miracle. Stay cool.
Stop the fucking bus! Open the door! Open the fucking door!
Okay, everybody, we're not here to hurt anyone.
We just need your help for a little while.
We just need one hour of your time to help us harvest some plants. Anybody that helps can carry as many plants away with them as they want.
Then you can go back to whatever the fuck it is you do.
Holy fuck! Do you have any idea who in the fuck this is I know who they are. They're fucking harvesters Let's go! Drive. Everybody up!, I still see a lot of weed here, people we gotta pick up the pace.
Can everybody please shut up? It's a working man I am There's too much fucking weed, Julian.
? And I been down underground We're never gonna finish this. ? And I swear?
It's fucking Corey and Trevor's fault.
Well, harvesting's a nightmare. We got 4,200 plants and that's a lot of work. You gotta pick the plants, take the leaves off, dry them, get them ready for sale. It's a lot of work.
This is serious shit. This is weed.
Ricky! You're forcing Rita MacNeil and her band to harvest dope at gunpoint.
You could be a little bit fucking nicer, you know.
They could be a little bit faster.
Stop being such a dick.
I'm sorry.
Here's a nice one here, dear Thanks. I'm sorry for yelling at you guys, but we've gotta get this stuff out of here.
I've only got an hour, is the big problem here.
I'm not trying to be mean. I'm just stretched out.
I fucking hate harvesting. I like planting the things and watering them, and looking after them, talking to them. I don't like fucking harvesting.
You like smoking them, though.
Oh, I like smoking them.
Julian, we gotta get Corey and Trevor out of that wreck too Ah, shit! We don't have time, Bubbles.
We can't leave them out here in the middle of nowhere!
All right, all right. Let's start packing this stuff up.
Okay, easy, Bubs.
Well, it's working, boys. We're following them.
Don't try to make any sudden stops, boys.
I can't believe how fucking stupid those guys are.
Let's just park in the middle of the road with no lights on.
Ricky, you told them not to have their lights on.
It's not totally their fault. I couldn't see a thing either.
I know that, but it was their fucking fault All right, buddy, here comes the pavement.
Home trees, boys. Whoo!
All right, it should be smooth sailing now.
It's a lot fucking easier going.
Can you see how it's got more power now, on the pavement I can't believe we did it.
I don't want to cause unnecessary alarm, but I think we might have a little situation here.
Let's just...
What are you doing?
What is it, Bubs?
Chain broke.
What in the fuck?!
Turn around and go get them.
Oh, fuck! Are you kidding me?
We have to.
Holy fuck, those guys fuck up a lot.
So you think it's possible this pile of burning cars has nothing to do with us?
Boys, I got no brakes!
Gear down, Bubbles! Gear down! fuck, boys, what are we going to do?
You better not be working the streets again, Randy.
Where's Jim?
I don't know., I don't give a fuck. I'm just trying to work here make some extra money to feed myself.
Take me to jail, George, I don't care.
Or if you got 10 bucks...
Boys, we're fucked!
The cops are going to be here.
What are we going to do?
Dudes, thanks for coming back. Can you get us out now?
I cannot believe you idiots fucked up again.
Now shut the fuck up. We're taking care of it.
Ricky, we're gonna have to get another courier down here now.
Julian, how are we gonna get another courier here?
Here. Call this number, ask for Terry, tell him where we are.
Terry, yeah.
I don't trust Terry and I don't trust DVD.
I'm going to Moncton with the dope. fuck it.
I'll go with you, Ricky.
Neither one of you guys are going with the dope. It's too risky.
It's too much money and too much dope. Think about it.
Someone has to go to Moncton with the dope.
I'm pinned. I'm pinned.
Push, dickweed!
You push!
Omigod, thank you.
Oh, thank you so much!
Shut up. The two of you guys, shut the fuck up.
I gotta get all of these packages to Moncton.
One of your drivers was drunk, had an accident, took off.
I don't know where the fuck he's at., You got any tape?
Uh, masking tape, clear tape packing tape, opaque tape?
Go get some fucking tape Go get some fucking tape, there, fuck-Ex! Come on, this is weed on the ground here.
Boys, I'm glad you're out.
Ah, thanks, dude.
Hey, what are you doing?
Corey and Trevor, get the fuck up here. Sorry about this.
You gotta go to Moncton with the dope. Just a couple of hours DVD's going to be there waiting for you. Hook up with him.
Do what he says and transport what he tells you to transport Cops catch you, we don't know you. It's only fair, boys.
This is the biggest mission we've ever asked you to do Can you do it?
Yo, we got this.
Can we at least get our chips out of the car?
Well, where are they?
They're in the car.
Here they are.
Here, boys, give them-
I need those, boys, I'm sorry.
I'm fucking starving.
Oh, come on, dude.
What in the fuck?! fuck off, Lahey, I don't got time for this shit Julian, get my fucking gun. It's in the truck.
Ricky, no guns. Jim, Jim, Jim, no guns. Look, see?
No guns. Everything's cool, buddy.
Jim, what the fuck are you doing?
Put the gun away before someone gets hurt.
Oh, someone is gonna get hurt, Julian.
You've completely lost your mind, haven't you, Lahey?
Oh, have I lost my mind, Ricky?
Or is this the way the world ends?
Are you fucking nuts?!
Dispatch, this is East 85. Jim Lahey's lost his goddamned mind.
I need backup, I need ERT. King and Portland, now.
You have about one minute left to live, boy.
Is that right? What's this all about, Lahey Fine, you're the fucking Trailer Park Supervisor.
Is that all you want me to say Jim Lahey is the Trailer Park Supervisor, not me.
He's the best fucking supervisor in the world.
Do a great job, Jim. Yippee-yeah.
Put down the guns.
Check this out.
Jesus Christ!
Come on, Jim, it's George.
Put the guns down.
Ricky, it's time to say goodbye.
I'm about to extinguish your little shit-flame forever You got time for one last word, boy?
Who's there, Ricky?
A drunk Trailer Park Supervisor with fucking guns and dynamite, drunk, with a fucking dress on, who's going fucking back to jail for a long fucking time.
I'm Nancy Regan at downtown Dartmouth, where an armed standoff has just begun.
A middle-aged, intoxicated man wearing a dress and strapped with dynamite has taken another man - younger, intoxicated, also possibly on drugs - hostage.
Have you seen this shit? You see what's going on here You've got the SWAT team here, fucking cops everywhere.
You're on the fucking news live here. You happy about that?
Can we have a moment?
No, you can't.
I'm about to get fucking shot. fuck off.
I hope you're happy with yourself, 'cause you fucked up You fucked up big-time.
Oh, yeah, Rick?
How's this for big-time?
How do you like that, Ricky?
That's what I'm talking about. That's a big-time fuck-up.
You're going to jail for this.
I might shoot you, and then I might shoot myself.
I'll tell you what. You guess, Ricky.
You guess who I'm going to shoot first.
Will it be you, Rick?
Or will it be me?
Shoot yourself! Not me!
I got two loaded guns pointed straight at you.
Yeah, and I'm not too fucking happy about that I'm not trying to tell you how to do your job, but you need Randy here immediately.
He might be our only hope.
Jen, get Randy.
I saw him working the streets earlier at King Donair.
If he's not there, try the McDonald's parking lot Will somebody please shoot this fucking guy?
Someone give me a minute .
Somebody give me a smoke , if I got one minute left to live. You got any smokes?
I know you got some on you. Give me a fucking smoke.
You don't need a smoke, Ricky.
Say a little prayer, boy.
Let me roll a joint, something, please.
I'm prepared to die if it will make Sunnyvale a better place to live.
I don't want to hurt anybody except Ricky.
So everybody just go home and let me do what I have to do.
Jim, put down your weapons. Don't make us shoot you.
You're just drunk. You just need to sober up.
You'll see how crazy all this is.
George, why don't you put down the fucking bullhorn.
We're ten feet away, for fuck's sakes.
Jim, you used to be an officer, for Christ's sake.
George, I only had two drinks.
And like you said, I used to be an officer, George.
Used to be.
Ricky, I'm either gonna kill you and spend the rest of my life in jail, or I'm gonna kill us both, Rick.
You got a smoke, man?
You don't even know what the fuck is going on here, do you?
Lahey, please give me a cigarette before you shoot me.
You're the reason, Rick.
You're the fucking reason.
George, Dean has a shot.
Last chance, Jim! Put down your weapons or we'll have to make our move George, there's dope in those boxes.
George, you are the dumbest cop on the force.
The dumbest.
Take the shot.
Ah, fuck! Ah, fuck!
I'm fucking shot again! You idiots!
Sorry about that. That was an accident.
We were trying to knock the gun out of Jim's hand and we fucked up.
You get this guys out of here.
You happy now? I'm fucking shot!
You're the reason, Ricky, that I never made any difference.
Oh, Jesus Christ...
Mr. Lahey!
You made a difference to me, Mr. Lahey.
You got me off the streets once and then I became an Assistant Trailer Park Supervisor.
Please, Mr. Lahey, get me off the streets again Randy, I'm sorry, boy.
I need a fucking doctor over here!
I gotta do what I gotta do.
Plead insanity and you'll be back in the park in six weeks with me.
Please, Mr. Lahey.
You're the only one that ever made any sense, Randy.
Let's go home, Mr. Lahey I want everyone to fucking know if there's any court bullshit over this, you guys shot me!
I didn't do a fucking thing! I'll sue every one of you!
You guys getting this?! Every bit of it?!
Names, let's go! Names! Who shot me?! Did you fucking shoot me?
Why are you guys pointing your guns at me, still?
Cops pointing guns at me, Shooting me for no reason!
Hi, there. Ricky, we probably should, you know... deal with some stuff here. Give the microphone back to the lady and let's get the fuck out of here.
Well, I guess we're done here.
So who was driving the truck, boys?
Better not have been you, Julian!
Drinking and driving, you know that., George, it was actually me that was driving. Here, look I got my rig license right there.
Bubbles, this has got to be the worst fake license I've seen in my life. It's illegal, too. Here, Karen Ah, fuck! Watch the leg.
I am.
What's this, Richard?
15 one-gram joints, which I can now legally carry. So go fuck yourself.
You know what, George? The way I see it, you guys got nothing. Not a fucking thing.
If you try to prosecute this, you're gonna look like a fucking idiot.
You know who's going to jail, George? You guys are. Not me I'm not going to fucking jail, you are.
Apparently they got this stupid rule, that 'cause I'm on probation, I can't carry any dope on me which is bullshit. Anyway, I don't care. Now I'm here and hanging out with the boys. Terry's here and Phil and... You know, it's gonna be a good time.
The food's been good so far. There's lots of dope going around now, 'cause you can't smoke, so there's more dope and that's pretty cool.
Jail's not nearly as bad as I thought., I mean, I get drunk in here with the boys all the time there's good dope in here, good books, satellite TV.
They gave me a new suit to wear that's kind of like a spaceman suit.
The bad part is I talked to Barb and she dumped me 'cause I'm in jail, which, you know, I don't understand, Like if chicks could just come to jail and see what it's like they'd realize it's no big dea I at all. It's a good time.
But, no, they gotta freak out.
"Oh, you're in jail, I gotta dump you. "
So I just can't believe everything went so smoothr with Corey and Trevor. I mean, we tracked the waybill numbe and everything went off perfectly. I mean... we're getting out of here and we're buying the park.
Car, paid for, cash. Trailer, paid for cash.
For years, Ricky and Julian have been fucking with us, man They're always hard on Trevor. So you know what?
It feels damn good. We jacked their money.
And now I have no time or candy for them bitches, man, 'cause they played themselves.
Those guys wanted to buy the trailer park? Well, fuck them.
We bought the trailer park. Now we're players and we're cool I'm really proud of Mr. Lahey.
He hasn't mentioned Ricky once That's a huge sign of improvement.
It's so strange without Mr. Lahey in the trailer park.
But he's not going to be here long.
He's going to get out soon. Right, Mr. Lahey?
The judge even granted me permission to look after one of my kitties: Vince the Pinse He was born with no bones in his foot, here, and he's got these floppy little fingers, so he can't look after himself Actually, he can look after himself just fine, I just tricked the judge, 'cause I wanted the little mo-fucker in here with me.
Ha. What are you saying?
What are you saying?
Jail used to be so fucking cool and now it is big-time fucked up.
Jail fucking sucks.
I hate it in here.
Thank fuck we're getting out today.
I don't think I could take one more day of this.
I never liked jail, but, you know, I don't wanna dis the guys that are in here, 'cause it's still pretty cool, but I've been here too many times and, you know, the thrill's gone.
There's hardly any drinking here anymore.
You can't get good dope.
And they banned smoking from the fucking boys.
Took smoking away from us. That's fucked.
Once I quit smoking, you gotta find stuff to do, so I gotta play sports.
But all they let you do is play fucking bagmitten.
Ricky's been losing his mind in here, with the no-cigarette policy so I knew I had to introduce him to something new to take his mind off it, so I taught him how to play badminton.
Bagmitten fuckin' really sucks, but Bubbles loves it, , and I play with him, try to keep his mind off stuff 'cause he's having a tough time in here.
Crank her.
Nice - point.
Just a sec, buddy.
I'm caught.
Reading books got me through this stretch.
I mean, you know, you got self-help books, books on nature, books on wilderness.
Like, check out that fucking bear.
You know, he's got that salmon. I'm kind of like the salmon.
I'm like the guy that swims upstream, right And you know, I'm trying to avoid these fuckers, I so, you know, I take what I learned in jail and I go home and, you know, I just try to survive.
Tonight I am getting so fucking drunk and smoking so much goddamned dope and cigarettes, it's gonna be awesome.
The first thing I'm gonna do, I'm gonna kill Jim Lahey.
I know the boys are getting out any day now and I'm really not looking forward to it.
You know, things have been really nice around here.
I've been off, uh, alcohol for about a month and I'm looking forward to introducing the new Jim Lahey to the boys.
The gentle Jim Lahey.
One thing's for sure, the time he spent in the mental hospital, really helped him. I've never seen him more positive.
And I feel awful, all the trouble I caused the boys over the last couple of years. Especially Ricky.
I'm gonna find Lahey, I'm gonna grab him by his drunk little throat and fucking start strangling him and tell him off, that fucking sonofabitch.
Today's a special day.
I mean, we own Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Corey and Trevor pulled this together for us.
Friendship, trust and reliability is what made this all happen Corey and Trevor can get on your nerves, but when it comes right down to it, I'm proud of them. They came through for us.
Now we're set for the rest of our lives.
We've been dreading this day for so long. I mean, Ricky's gonna get out of jail soon and we fucked up and we let Ricky down and Julian down and we let ourselves down.
It's not anyone's fault.
We were just doing what we were told and Barb Lahey fucked us. That's what happened.
Did I take the money from Corey and Trevor? Technically. But if I have to steal dirty old drug money to save the park and get myself out of the shit that Ricky got me into, well then so be it.
We signed all these papers and stuff and none of it was real., - It was really easy. I took an old car-lease agreement got 'em to sign it. They thought it was the deed to the park.
They're not too bright.
No one considers how we feel about all of this, like how we feel about anything.
Like, we don't want things to go downhill.
We don't wanna lose our friends, our families.
And this is all we've got.
We spent the money on a couple of things, but, really, like, I think we were kind of owed, you knows We went through a lot of shit over the last couple of year and I got, like, 7,500 bucks and you got like, what, five grand or something?
Yeah, something like that.
But you know where most of the money went Corey and Trevor gave me nine grand to produce one track on the new album, dawg.
For real, know what I'm saying? That's cheap.
That's family rate, dawg.
Yeah, man.
Ricky and Julian are suppose to be getting out of jail today.
It's gonna cause some problems in the park.
But, oh, well, what can you do?
Man, come on, Corey and Trevor gave us the money.
We ain't gonna ask them where it came from.
We're taking care of business for real.
If Ricky gets out the joint, come up to my house looking for some candy, I'm not saying, know what I'm saying?
I'll try to get you guys some hash if I can, okay?
...on the outside.
See ya later.
Appreciate it.
Earl, man, thanks.
See ya, Lonnie.
You guys gotta get smoking back here. This is bullshit.
No fucking way, you got us a lemonzine?
Yes, I did, Rick.
God, this is awesome. Check out this bar, boys.
This is decent, boys.
Julian, get rid of that glass right now. Look at these.
Ah, thanks, Ricky.
It's official, boys. We're retired now.
This is how rich people live, boys.
No, Bubs, this is how we live now, buddy This is luxury. All we're missing is smokes.
Where's the money? When do we get the money?
I gotta buy some smokes here, Julian, and dope -
Chill out, Ricky, chill out.
I left instructions with Corey and Trevor to put all lot fees in the safe underneath my trailer, buddy Soon you're going to be buying smokes by the carton, bud.
I don't mean to sound like a dick, it's just, we're gonna have the biggest party in the history of Sunnyvale tonight.
I need smokes and fucking dope This booze is great, but I need to get stoned.
Boys, I don't want to sound fucked or anything, but I love you guys.
I love you guys, too.
I wanna make a toast.
To retirement.
To success.
There's something we're forgetting about here.
Corey and Trevor. They never let us down.
To fucking Corey and Trevor.
To Corey and Trevor.
Can we stop and get some dope?
I know guys that'll give it to me on credit.
Ah, fuck, not that dick, Ricky.
Boys, please, not Terry and Dennis.
Dennis is fucked, but Terry's not that bad.
Terry and Dennis are a couple of brothers Ricky knows.
They're both fucked in the head, if you ask me.
They still live with their grandmother and..
I went to reform school with Terry and Dennis.
They're great fucking guys. I love good dope.
If I don't have any, I go to Terry.
He's always got good dope, in large quantities, like harbour drops... And I've always wanted to work with them, but Julian always shuts it down.
I think he's jealous.
It's just not my scene.
You go in there and it's really greasy and they're always sitting around baked, playing video games.
You can see their units hanging out every time we're there and you've gotta go through the whole routine of pretending you like being there, talking to them, when you know you just want to get your dope and get out of there.
I don't like Terry and Dennis for one simple reason: they use their own grandmother as cover.
Julian, can we hurry the fuck up here, please?
Ricky, Ricky, I'm trying to talk here.
I mean, they make a shitload of money and the cops never think about fucking with them, but who wants to go to a house to buy dope and be greeted by a grandmother?
That's pretty fucking greasy, if you ask me.
I've got things to do here I need smokes.
You do that again, Ricky, you're gonna see what happens.
They're driving around in this Monte Carlo, thinking they're cool and shit. The car's okay and everything, but the fucking rims they got on that car, they're whacked You'd never see me driving around in that fucking thing What?
I'm not trying to be a dick, I need to get smokes. I wanna get stoned.
Let's get going here. I've got things to do.
What's up with Victor? How long does it take a man to piss Come on, Julian.
You have to be the one to say let's go, or he's just going to keep pissing all day.
Come on, cut your piss off. Stop pissing.
We gotta get going.
Hope they're home, boys.
Oh, yeah, me too.
Oh, Ricky.
This is Julian. This is Bubbles.
Hi there.
This way.
Hey, Dennis.
Hey, Ricky, man.
How's it going?
Good, bro.
Good to see you. Bubbles.
Hey, Dennis.
Julian. How's it going?
What's going on, boys?, Listen, you got any weed or hash you could front me set me up big-time for a party tonight?
Ricky, you just walked in here, man. You know?
A little hang time would be nice, you know?
Yeah, yeah, that's cool. Yeah.
So, watch any good movies lately?
Saw The Director's Cut. That was fucking awesome.
Ricky, it was Blade Runner, the Director's Cut.
That's not the name of the movie.
It was good, though.
It was a good fucking movie.
Somebody synched up Dark Side of the Moon and the Wizard of Oz in there. That was pretty neat, I guess.
Yeah. I heard you need to be stoned -
Dennis! Dennis, what the fuck is going on here?
Terry, would you do me a fucking favour and just chill out a little bit? Everything's under control This is a bad fucking day for this shit to be happening.
We got lots of fucking work to do. fuck, just chill out a little bit.
You guys drove up here in a fucking limousine?!
Yeah, man. Isn't that awesome, man?
Omigod! I can't fucking believe it Boys, you guys should've parked a few blocks away.
Guys, we're rich now. That's the way we roll.
It's not a big deal.
Why don't we just put a sign in front of the house: "We sell fucking hash here"?
Terry. Terry!
Why don't we just call the fucking cops?!
Ichiban, motherfucker, yo?!
Julian... (speaking Japanese)
Wh-what'd he just say about me?
Julian, just sit down. It's just some family business Don't worry about it. Just sit down.
Julian, just sit down.
I don't feel like it.
Can you guys put some pants on or something? You're gonna walk into my grandmother's house and talk about my package?
Well, your packages are hanging out right in front of us!
Don't worry about our packages!
Worry about your own, Ricky!
Anyway, guys, we need some hash, or weed. Whatever you have.
We got tons of hash. Don't worry about that.
Just a bit tonight for the party and then I'm gonna start buying a shitload.
I own a trailer park now. I'm gonna need, like, keys We got enough hash to go to jail for 20 years But we won't ever get caught.
Give me a break, Dennis.
Why don't you take out an ad in the fucking newspaper?
Jesus Christ!
Julian, put it down.
Boys?! For fucksakes! fuck, don't point -
Don't point your fucking hand at me!
...our grandmother! (speaking Japanese)
You don't touch another man's gun!
Sit down!
Sit the fuck down.
You guys are out of control.
Guys, I'm sorry about that.
We're not small-time anymore We're dealing with major quantities of hash now.
You can't just come in here with your crew and fucking act like this.
Sorry Terry. fuck, I thought we were cool, man.
If our partner came in now, he'd freak. Holy fuck.
Can you set me up with a bit of hash and some keys down the road or what?
Listen, Ricky, we've got your back like always.
But we're just gonna wait till our partner shows up and we'll just talk about it with him, alright?
Who's your partner? Do I know the guy?
Oh, he's a fucking cool guy. You'll like him.
Old-school motherfucker, man. He knows how to do it properly fuck. Oh, there he is right now.
We're in trouble now. You're in fucking trouble.
What are you talking about Just wait. You're in fucking trouble.
It's fucking Cyrus.
Cyrus?! What?!
What, you guys know Cyrus?
What the fuck's with the limo? You got celebrities in there I fucking told you, Dennis. I fucking told you.
I'll fucking straighten this out.
What the fuck are you doing with Cyrus?
What are you doing? No, don't.
Don't worry about it, Bubbles.
Would you guys mind fucking explaining that to me?
Holy fuck.
Oh, ho, ho!
If Charlie shit a billy goat, look who it is.
What the fuck are these guys doing here when we got a fucking deal going down, in the next couple of days?
Cyrus, I told him not to but he just opened up the fucking door and said "Hey, everybody, just mooch my hash."
Ah, fuck off, Terry! fuck, I can't believe this Listen, Cyrus, relax, alright, you dick?
We just got out of jail. We're leaving.
We don't want any trouble, alright?
Like that kind of fucking trouble?
Boys, put the guns down or someone's going to get caught!
Okay, Dennis, I'll just open up the door and call the cops!
Maybe I'll call the cops ! fucking asshole!
Who the fuck is looking after the hash, boys?
Our grandmother.
Get the fuck in there and look after the hash. Jesus Sorry, Cyrus.
Just calm down.
Give me those fucking guns, too, boys.
I gave those to Terry and Dennis for their birthday.
Guess what. This is my gun now, so fuck off.
You fuck off.
No, you fuck off.
Cyrus, you fuck off first, then we'll fuck off.
Ricky, just everybody, we'll all fuck off at the same time.
Calm down.
I'm not fucking off.
I guess we're at a fucking standstill, then, aren't we?
I know how to fix that. fuck off. fucking dick.
Look, boys, just... Cyrus... Calm down, boys. Back up.
Cyrus, you just get in your car, everything's fine, we're leaving. We don't want any trouble.
Boys, but the guns down. Put 'em down.
Great. Nice plan, Ricky.
How the fuck are we gonna get home now, huh?
Maybe Terry'll drive us in the Monte Carlo now. fuck, check out those rims I'm not getting in this piece of shit, Rick.
Well, how the fuck do you want to get home?
Boys, did you have to go fucking with Cyrus?
I mean, was that necessary? Watch it, Ricky!
Jesus, get that out of my cab!
Sorry about that.
Look, no big deal a bit of body fuel, alright?
Holy fuck, boys, check it out.
Look at the fucking driveway ! It's paved!
The money's inside. Right back.
Holy fuck. Corey and Trevor, boys - what can you say about them? New flowers...
This is really luxury parking. Look at this, Bubs.
Wonder what they did for me and you.
Boys, my shed's gone!
It's gone! It's gone!
The lot-fee money.
Corey and Trevor.
We gotta run the cab. We got no fucking money now.
Alright. Let's go to Ray's. Hide out there.
My shed!
Go. Go, go.
Dad, get the fuck out here ! We got out early, buddy!
Boys, there's my shed!
Ricky, how come your dad's got my shed?
I dunno, buddy.
Holy sweet flying fuck.
Holy fuck is right.
Is he ever on the booze!
It's a "liquorlanche."
Hey, boys! Boys, hey!
Holy fuck, Dad! How you doing, buddy?
Hey, buddy.
Good to see you, man.
We got out early.
Great to see you, man. fuck, you're looking great Can I help you?
Well, I'm not sure.
I picked up these three guys. One of them lives here.
They didn't pay me yet. Said they'd be back, though.
Lives here?
Yeah, that's what they said.
That's where Randy and I live.
Oh, shit, man.
Let me guess. One of them was wearing thick glasses, one of them was extra-stupid and the third guy was holding a drink and wearing a sexy black T-shirt.
You know them?
Let's just say I wouldn't expect to get paid today, bud.
Hey, boys, come on in and have a seat, fellas.
Check it out. What do you think?
Place looks good, Dad.
Huh, pretty good, eh?
Got all kinds of spending money now., Making a fucking shitload on the video lottery terminals don't mind fucking telling you.
Ray, Ray, cut the shit. What the fuck is going on here fuck, boys, I dunno how to tell you this.
Lahey and Randy bought your trailer, buddy They own it.
Randy and Lahey bought my trailer?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Barb moved into the supervisor's trailer, so we had to get our own place.
Julian's trailer, it then came up for sale.
It was auctioned under the "proceeds of crime," so we bought it.
I just love having our own place.
This place is 100% ours - legally.
I gotta explain it to you, alright?
You wanna hear this?
I can't wait to hear this.
It's kind of complicated.
Kind of fucking complicated?
Yeah. Corey and Trevor fucked you guys over big-time.
That's what's going on. They fucked you over big-time.
They lo... They took all your money.
It's all gone. You don't own the park.
Everything's fucking gone. They took everything, boys Dad...
I dunno if I'm understanding you right here, but you're saying Corey and Trevor, they fucked up Yeah.
Corey-Trevor, I dunno where the fuck you guys are, but you are fucking dead!
(gunshit) Both of you, fucking dead!
Oh, look who's finally home from jail.
Where the fuck are Corey and Trevor?
Nice to see you too, Ricky Corey-Trevor, get out here now!
Hi, Dad!
Hey, sweetie.
Good to see you.
You dunno where Corey and Trevor are, do you?
'Cause I gotta talk to those guys really, really badly.
I think they went to J-Roc's trap.
Oh, they're rapping now, are they?
I think.
Well, you stay here, 'cause I wanna see you., I missed you in jail and stuff but I gotta go really talk to Corey and Trevor right now.
Don't I, Sarah?
Trinity, inside.
You know what, Ricky? If you know what's good for you, you'll stay the fuck away from Corey and Trevor.
Well, I don't know what's good for me, Sarah.
So what's gonna happen? What's gonna happen?
I know what's gonna happen.
Yeah, so do I.
This song is good, but we actually have one on this record, too., We're Ice Halen. We kind of make a guest appearance 'cause we kind of produced the record.
You can hear us in the chorus if you listen real close.
Corey and Trevor, fucking go on, boy.
Hey, your name's Mahogany, right?
Here you go, baby girl, know what I'm saying?
This here's my joint, know what I'm saying?
Trailer-park life, y'all. A'ight.
Turn the music off, J-Roc! This is shut down!
What the fuck you talking about, inflatable Elvis?
You can't say nothing till 11:00, mothafucker.
Ah, it's Ricky!
Well, look who it fucking is ! I'll deal with you in a second Corey-Trevor, get the fuck out here now!
How you doing, boy?
My fucking problem is those two dicks right there.
What the fuck are you doing in my trailer?
Relax, Julian. Relax.
Don't push me, Randy.
It was the last one available, Julian.
We bought it fair and square. (siren wailing)
What the fuck do you mean, fair and square?
Ricky, hide that. I don't believe it.
What the fuck do you guys want?
I got no problem with you. I've got a problem with those two assholes ther and two guys inside the trailer.
Would one of your problems be looking for Corey and Trevor?
Maybe it is. What business is that of yours, turtlecock Oh, you like turtles, do you This is what business it is of mine.
You know what a Peace Bond is?
What the fuck is this legal-paper bull? fucking word papers!
That's pretty good, Rick Now, if you could read, you'd see that it states that you can't come within 50 feet of Corey or Trevor If you do and I hear about it, jail time, Rick.
Just by coming within 50 feet. I'll be happy to enforce it.
Well, see, there's a little problem here. 'Cause I called you guys and this is supposed to say that they can't come within 50 feet of me because -
Yeah, I'm not George Greene, Rick.
What you're saying is bullshit and we both know it.
Because I can see right through you.
Right through to the other side.
Corey, Trevor, come on down here.
Little fuckers.
It's okay, boys. It's okay You're not under arrest.
You guys fucked up.
I'm gonna stay 50 feet away, not 'cause of this shit.
'Cause you just lost a best friend.
Relax, Ricky. Relax. We were tight, boys.
I wanted to get really drunk with you guys tonight, but you blew it!
After all I fucking did for you guys! Huh?
Dude, we're sorry!
Sarah set it all up, Ricky We didn't mean to do it. Sorry. Here, have a cigarette.
I'd love a cigarette, but I can't come within 50 feet, remember? (both): We're really sorry We're sorry, dude.
You fucking wait, boys!
I'm not happy about this, I'll tell you that right now Jim.
You're shaking hands with him?
He's fucking out of his fucking goddamn mind.
He tried to kill me. D'you forget about that?
You're worried about little Police Bonds against me Watch it, Rick.
Ricky, you're pushing it. Pushing your luck.
Don't think for a second you're keeping that trailer, Jim.
Actually, Julian, we bought that trailer so no one else would.
I'll sell it back to you for what we paid for it, plus an administration fee. 7,200 bucks total.
We're trying to do you a favour, bud.
Mr. Lahey?
Randy, it's okay.
I know what I'm doing, bud.
Do we now, Mr. Lahey?
What with the going crazy and strapping dynamite to yourself?
I've waited a long fucking time for this, Lahey.
You tried to fucking kill me with a gun to my head and you've been fucking with me for years.
So listen up and listen up good, 'cause I'm about to tell you off like never before.
I understand, Ricky.
I deserve it. Sorry to interrupt.
I deserve it, Rick.
I spent a lot of time contemplating things, when I was in the mental.. . when I was in the hospital and, uh, I realize that...
I was in the wrong with you guys.
100% culpability. It was my fault and I'm sorry.
Oh, you're fucking sorry, are you?
What do you want me to do, play a big song on the magdolin?
You're fucking sorry. Bullshit, you're sorry.
Ricky, above everyone else, I've been waiting to say to you personally that I am sorry.
I lost it, bud.
So whatever you have to say, go ahead.
I deserve it, let her rip.
Well, you do deserve it.
I was thinking about it in jail a lot.
Basically, I was just gonna... fucking... fuck, fuck.
Ricky, Julian.
I quit drinking.
It's been two months. Not a drop.
He has, boys. He's been doing great.
I've never seen him better in my whole life.
He's a changed man.
You're sober?
I don't think so, Jim.
What was I thinking?
Trying to use your little mind tricks on me, eh, Lahey fuck you, Lahey, and fuck you, Randy.
Boys, let's go try to get drunk somewhere, I guess.
Come on.
He'll come around, Mr. Lahey Yeah, Rand. They will come around.
I smoke a lot of dope and I get drunk.
There's nothing wrong with that. And I like to sleep in.
There's nothing wrong with fucking that, either.
Then Julian comes along, decides he's gonna wake me up.
Throws all this shit off my fucking car.
What the fuck are you doing, man?
Get up, Ricky. I'm going to the store.
I need to borrow your car, bud. fuck off, Julian.
I'm trying to sleep in. I'm taking the day off.
Rick, I need your car and your gun, alright? Get up., I'm sick of looking after everybody. I mean, right now everyone's at my dad's place. fucking using my car.
Now he's borrowing my fucking gun.
That's bullshit. If he think she's better than me, he wants to go down and take care of himself, well, good, 'cause I don't wanna look after him anymore.
I wanna look after myself.
When he gets back here, he's gonna see who fucking looks after who better than the other person If I wanna sleep in a bit, I'm not gonna get up and go right to work.
Bubbles is, like, "Help me clean these bottles out of my shed. " Sure. Let me fucking sleep in first., Just a sec, Bubs, I need about 10 more minutes buddy. Oh... fuck.
Julian's probably right. I'm fucking ashamed I slept in that long. I should've been up at the crack of dawn, working on carts or at least getting those bottles out of my shed I gotta do something here, 'cause I've never been this fucking hungry in my life It's not just me I'm worried about, it's my kitties.
I got them eating fucking old bug carcasses and drinking out of puddles. (sighing)
It's a terrible situation.
Hey, Dad!
Hey. What are you up to?
I came to take these bottles. Grampa said I could have them.
He did? Are you sure about that?
He told me he was taking them back.
That's what I just said. I'm taking them back for him Careful with all those bottles, honey.
I'll be back for the rest.
Bubbles, I mean, you gotta admit, I look after Julian more than he looks after me.
I can take care of myself, right?
Julian, what's up?
Move. Hurry up.
What the fuck do you think you're doing, Julian?
Put them back inside right now.
Get in the car, boys.
Hello? Excuse me. Trevor, over here.
Get in the car. Listen, they fucked us over, so now they're gonna work for me until their debt's paid, Sarah Get in the car.
Now look what you did.
You and Ricky are gonna fuck them over just like you always do!
Sarah, you've got the wrong idea.
C'mere for a second.
Listen, these guys are gonna be working for me, not Ricky, okay?
He's got nothing to do with this.
Just give me a sec?
I just wanna teach them how to think and not be so stupid all the time, okay?
You serious?
Have these guys ever gone to jail while under my supervision?
No, never. They haven't. I care about these guys., It's fine if Julian takes them for an afternoon or whatever as long as he treats them properly No chips off the floor of the car., You gotta feed them and if you're gonna leave them crack a window and give them water, alright Promise?
Okay, you can have them for the afternoon.
I just wanna set the record straight.
Everybody has the wrong idea about me and Corey and Trevor.
I'm not banging them, I don't wanna marry them, I'm not their girlfriend.
I'm trying to look out for them. Which is what they need.
When they go out with Ricky and Julian, what happens?
They come home crying, dehydrated, mysterious wounds, they won't tell me what happened 'cause they're scared to death of those guys.
See Trin, this is the chain technique here.
You can get two carts going at once.
There you go.
Bye, Bub!
Be careful. Ricky, where are you going now Gotta borrow a couple of carts, bud.
Go over to J-Roc's. Those guys fucked us around so bad. We go to jail, they rip off the money from Corey and Trevor and buy stereo equipment and recording stuff with it.
That's bullshit.
Where'd you guys get the stereo equipment and mixing shit?
This mixer here and slidy things?
Man, we been fucking with groceries, man.
Getting groceries, dawg.
We selling the shit, know what I'm saying?
Stealing them from parcel pickup, right?
Your dad owes me 50 mafuckers, but that's a'ight, boy, don't worry about that.
You want some Twizzlers or some shit, boy?
Help yourself, mafucker. Go on ! A J-Roc disk for ya, boy?
That's great, 'cause I, uh, I dunno, I had a feeling maybe you got some of this with Trevor and Corey's money.
My fucking weed money?
We knew this was coming, know what I mean?
'Cause we got nine grand from Corey and Trevor to be on the album, which is a bargain, in the recording business, right?
But then we knew something was up, man, 'cause where those mofuckers getting nine grand at, man Maybe that's how you bough tall this fucking stuff?
I didn't even know those mafuckers had money, dawg. fuck that.
Buys all this stereo equipment and doesn't even give a fuck Making up excuses.
We got in shit -
GST cheque from when she went to Moncton -
That mixer came from a flea market.
Lemonade stand. We bought a bunch of shit.
Half price, dawg. I think this shit's hot.
I been saving my own money and shit -
I found that drum machine, 'cause some mafucker chucked it.
One man's trisash, know what I'm saying?
So I said fuck it, I'm taking this stereo equipment back And I did.
Come on, man.
J-Roc baby, J- Roc baby, J-Roc baby.
You can't take that shit, dawg.
Come on, dawg.
I went to the laundry room and there's more equipment on top of the laundry machine.
Two turntables and a fucking microphone.
So I took all that stuff, smashed a bunch of albums, maybe I shouldn't've did, but fuck it.
Then I said, you know what I'm taking their dryer, too.
Hey, what's up, dawg?
How's it going?
Daddy has got you set up with presents. Check this out.
Got everything to go with it Just gonna grab it outside here.
So, uh, Ricky, what are you doing on this property?
Don't worry, I'm not here to kill Corey and Trevor or break their little stupid peace bond I just got some gifts for my daughter.
Is that alright, Sarah?
Yeah, whatever.
Corey and Trevor are safe, doing something productive for once.
Productive. Yeah, like what?
Paddling a boat up the Dumb Dumb River?
You're the only one I know that paddles that boat, Ricky.
They're off doing something productive with Julian.
Ricky is so obviously jealous of Julian, because Julian's the smart one and Ricky's the dumb one.
You jealous 'cause you don't get to boss them around anymore?
'Cause you're carrying the shit yourself instead?
I treat Corey and Trevor good and you know that.
Better than most people do Trinity, Daddy'll be in in a second Got some speakers and stuff for you.
I'm not jealous, Sarah.
This better not be stolen.
We're sorry about what happened.
We didn't mean to do that.
Yeah, dude. We're really, really sorry Boys, boys, boys. I am so sick of this shit.
Alright? You guys got your hands up Alright, time for your first lesson Keep those hands up, way up, until I tell you to put them down. Got it?, Okay, three synthesizers and check this one out. It does all kind of bendy stuff.
Cool. (sounds)
And a bunch of stuff here you can learn about, and speakers and drum thingees and...
Hey there, Rick. How's it going?
And Lucy got fake boobs.
I mean, it's obvious. I don't mean I I was staring at them, but I can't exactly contro which direction my eyes go In all the time.
I mean, obviously she used our money to buy them anyways, so if you think about it, I sort of own one-third of them.
Alright, I'm gonna be honest with you guys.
This mission's gonna be dangerous and it's gonna involve guns, okay?
So keep calm and don't be scared.
Dude, I got your back. We got this.
Actually, Sarah, let's go with the milk.
Let's go with the milk? What the fuck is that?
Sorry, would you welcome me with a little bit of your previous milk, please? Is that better?
Why? So you can welcome yourself to all the cereal that I bought? For fucksake, Ricky, you just spilled it all over the fucking floor Can you clean that up?
Sarah, it's not a big deal. It's just a bowl of cereal You know what? It is a big deal.
It's just a bowl of cereal, he just lives in his car, we just got our shit back together, he's just coming around here eating our fucking food again.
Things are fucked up already Is it just a coincidence, Ricky?
That you come around when things get fucked up for us?
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
We've been fine the whole time you were in fucking jail.
Well, I'm out of jail now, so what do you think about that?
Yeah, and you're bringing your daughter expensive gifts, too.
She better get to keep them.
Um, thanks for bringing all that stuff for Trin.
I'm hoping it'll help. She's a fucking mess.
She's getting into fights with kids.
She beat a kid up for chips. She's throwing bottles.
She's a fucking mess.
Well, I mean, you gotta remember, every kid goes through phrases and, I did. And look how I turned out.
Liked to throw bottles, get in fights, whatever. I can talk to her. At least get her to throw bottles at night and try not to get in as many fights.
She shouldn't be fighting unless someone else starts it, I don't think.
You'd do that?
Awesome. Good.
And I just want you to know that, being in jail, , I thought a lot and I really care about you guys, a lot and I'm gonna try to get my shit together.
I got goals now. And when you have goals, you try to get to those goals and I'm gonna buy or rent my own trailer.
That's what's happening with me.
Really? Like, you're gonna...?
Wow. That's awesome. That's awesome.
Do you think maybe, I dunno... you wanna get drunk with me or something?
Yeah, I'd totally get drunk with you.
You don't need great big machinery for paving I paved the whole parking lot of the motel, this was all I used.
Thanks for your help, Phil s No bigs. What do you say we grab a couple of burger and start paving?
Actually, I gave up burgers lately, Phil. Sorry, bud.
Gave up burgers? That's crazy talk, man.
You heard what the man said, Phil.
Well, you must have a lot of willpower.
I feel like having a burger right now, don't you?
When was the last time you had one?
Phil, enough about the burgers, okay?
You're driving me crazy.
You can buy frozen boxed burgers, there's 25 -
Phil, enough with the goddamn burgers.
Is that all you think about? Burgers?
Don't let him get to you, Phil.
Bubs, what are you doing? Were you just gonna leave these here?
Well, they'll be fine. Listen, can I talk to you for a second.
I've got to ask you something.
Do you notice something different about Lucy Like, just the way she looks or whatever? fuck, she's turning me on lately. Big-time.
What do you mean? I didn't notice anything.
I dunno. I can't explain it, but...
Hmm, don't know.
Well, Ricky sort of thinks he's in love.
I mean, maybe he is.
It's probably the boobs working on him subliminally, but, I mean, he really probably is in love with her.
Because he always has loved her.
You know what? I wanna get back together with Lucy.
What would you think if maybe I wanted to get around to getting back together with Lucy?
Whenever Ricky's life starts to get fucked up, it's usually because he's not with Lucy and Trinity How would you do it?
I'll tell you how I'll do it. Get back into dope.
Selling weed? Growing weed No, no, no. Hash. Lots of it Oh... And where are you getting the hash?
Let me guess.
You're going down to fucking the flappy bird brothers.
Oh, can I borrow your go-cart? Come on.
No, Ricky. I'm not allowed lending.
What do you mean, you're not allowed lending Who's not letting you?
Me. I'm not letting me.
If you're not gonna drive me or lend me your go-cart, I've got to get there somehow.
Well, I'm sorry.
What are you doing?
Cover me.
What are you doing?
You're not hotwiring Mr. Lahey's car!
He left his fucking keys here. He's an idiot.
Ricky's off to Dennis and Terry's to score some hash, 'cause he's in love, and I just can't let him go down there.
Something's not gonna go right Alright, boys.
This is the most important job you've ever done.
Remember, no talking. And do exactly what I say.
Okay, what we're gonna do, when we get to the door, point these guns at them, alright?
Make sure their hands are up. I'm gonna grab their guns, go in and search the place, okay?
And, boys, I believe in you.
You believe in us, Julian?
You've never said that before.
Guys, I gotta talk to you about something, alright?
Don't worry about fucking up, okay?
That's why you guys keep fucking up., So put your hands down now, as soon as you're done the job put them back up again. Got it?
Dude, that's Cyrus.
Yeah, and we're gonna fuck him big-time, boys.
I don't think I wanna do this, Julian.
Let's move, boys.
Julain whispering
Trevor whispering
Cookie, cookies, cookies.
What the fuck?
What the fuck is Julian doing here?
What the hell is Bubbles doing here?
Ricky, I'm worried you're gonna go back to jail and I don't know why you're doing this.
I won't go back to jail, buddy.
Well, do you think it was -
What is he doing?
He's got his gun out, Ricky.
What are these guys doing, with the fucking masks on their head?
I'm getting to the bottom of this right now, Bubbles I'll see you back at the park.
Ricky! Wait for me!
Un-fucking-believable. We just got robbed by the Hubble-Bubble telescope and his little fruit car.
And that four-eyed fucker is always with two other fuckos.
Ricky and fucking Julian. That's who just hit us.
We gotta figure this out and move fast.
Let's lock and load. To Sunnyvale, boys.
Let's go!
Didn't that feel good, not fucking up, guys?
Yeah, it was pretty sweet, dude.
Julian, what the fuck was that?
What d'you just do, man? What's in those bags?
What bags? What are you talking about Get those fucking guys 50 feet away from me right now Corey, Trevor, 50 feet. Stand by that stick and stay What's up?
We gotta talk, man.
Clearly, we aren't in business anymore, right?
You use my car and my fucking gun to work with Corey and Trevor?
Rick, Rick, Rick.
I had no choice, alright?
You can't be around Corey and Trevor.
I was just using those guys to take the heat in case things got fucked up. No big deal.
Listen to me. They had way more hash than I thought, man.
A hundred Ks. It's right under your dad's fucking deck.
We're set.
You stole 100 Ks of hash from my fucking friends.
They had no idea it was us We had masks on. Nobody spoke.
Cyrus saw me!
What are you talking about I followed Ricky, 'cause he followed you!
Shots fired! Cyrus saw me, bullets, zing, zing!
For fucksakes.
Now it begins.
Where are they?
Where are who?
Ricky and Julian!
Calm down, Cyrus.
What do you want them for?
What do I want them for? I wanna announce that we're fucking here. And how we gonna do that?
How about this, Cyrus? (gunshit)
That works for me!
Here's fucking Cyrus!
And Dennis.
And Dennis!
And Terry, too.
And Terry. fuck off, let's go!
You did this for us, did you, Julian?
Of course I did, Ricky.
I dunno, buddy, it seems pretty fucked-up to me.
Fine, let's just stand around and get shot at. Call the guys. Is that what you want?
Julian, get down! Get down If you're gonna be part of this deal, you tell me right now and cover me, Ricky.
You want me to cover you? Me, him and you split 50-50-50
That's the only way.
Fine, fine.
But I'm in charge. You gotta back me up.
Gimme a gun. fuck, they're not running away, Julian.
Okay, we're gonna make this fucking simple, boys!
Just give us back our hash I don't know what the fuck you're talking about, Cyrus!
Then why the fuck are you standing behind my car?!
Look, boys, it's Ricky here! We go back a long ways, boys Used to get drunk with you Your grandma drove me to hockey!
We used to drink sahoki! Let's work this out here!
No more sake and you're off the fucking team, Ricky!
Your friendship's over, Ricky!
You know what? I always thought you guys were fucking dicks anyway! fuck you! fuck you, Ricky!
Come on, boys! Bubbles is crying here!
Let's put our guns down! Fight this out with our fists!
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's a good idea, Ricky!
Alright, I'm coming out! Don't fucking shoot me!
Don't shoot me.
You think this is a good idea?
I'm gonna put the trunk down here, guys.
We're gonna put our guns right on top of it.
We'll have a big fucking fist fight.
Come on, Cyrus. You fucking big, mean bastard.
Bubbles, wind up the big gun. What are you doing?
The cocksuckers gotta gun!
You crazy idiot! fucking Terry! fuck you, Cyrus!
That wasn't fucking fair, Cyrus! fucking dicks!
That's my dad's trailer! You're fucking paying for that!, You're fucking paying for every bit of that damage you fuckers!
Alright, fuckos. How was that? Huh? How was that?
Now I want all my fucking hash back, or I'm gonna continue to shoot the shit out of this place until I get my hash back! fuck you, Cyrus! Cops, boys, cops.
Hide the guns.
Drop it. guns down.
Nothing going on here, guys. We just got caught up in this.
I don't know what the fuck is going on.
Hold up there, officers!
Those gentlemen were not involved in this.
They were pinned down by these goons with the gun.
They're not even from this park.
I found this by their car.
I don't know what the fuck it is, though.
That's our fucking hash! fucking Dennis. Dumb fuck!
Ah, fuck!
Take 'em downtown, boys. Get 'em out of this park.
Go on, get out of here.
Just you wait, Ricky. I'll be back for you!
All's well that ends well.
Perhaps we can now move on as friends.
Thanks, Mr. Lahey.
I'm not falling for the nice-guy-routine bullshit Jim.
Stay the fuck away from me. Alright?
Couldn't swallow your pride for two seconds, eh? fuck off, Randy.
Here's the rest of it, Bubs. Count it up, buddy.
Alright, you guys can put your hands down, okay? You did a good job today.
Thanks, Julian.
I don't want Simple and Garfuckle in my fucking house.
Fifty feet, boys. I don't want anybody calling the cops.
Let's go.
Boys, I don't know if you know this, but this trailer's fucking paid for. I own this now.
Now you guys come in here and you shoot it all the fuck up and you guys are gonna fix it. That's all.
We didn't shoot it. There's a couple of holes in the window and -
You don't understand!
See, you don't own your own trailer.
This is my trailer, Rick. If you owned your own place, you wouldn't like it to be shot up. Okay?
It's mine. I own it.
Julian, there's, like, over 100 kilos of hash here. Can't we just get rid of this and not worry about it ruining our lives What if Cyrus comes after us for it?
Bubs, those guys are gonna be in jail for a long time We're just gonna sit on it until things cool down, then we're gonna sell everything in a lump sum.
It's the lowest risk, man. I'm not even worried about it.
Oh, yeah, no risk involved, I would say.
How the fuck are we gonna hide this much hash, Julian?
We can't keep it in my dad's trailer.
That's not fair. Unless it's cool.
Dad, do you mind if I keep a couple of grams of hash in your trailer?
No hash in the trailer, Rick Don't fucking think you're putting it in my shed I'll tell you that.
We're gonna hide it.
In the most clever way.
Right out in the open, boys. fuck, boys.
I'm really sorry to interrupt your drug talking here, but I had 100... I had $11 9 in empties in my shed and they're all gone.
I'm just wondering if you know anything about that, Ricky Trinity took some. She said you told her it was cool.
Trinity? Why did Trinity take $119 in bottles, Rick Why'd you let them go, Mr. Lahey?
Because they're my little shit puppets, Randy.
Performing in our shit play.
I don't understand, sir.
You will, Rand, you will Omigod.
What's wrong with parents these days?
Basically were heating the hash up and we're gonna lay down it the driveway, roll it out. It's Julian's plan.
I do trust his judgmental, but this seems a little fucked, if you ask me.
A little fucked? You think so?
I mean, his whole theory is that you normally don't drive by someone's house if he has a paved drive and think: "Oh, look, they must have 100 kilos of hash laid down there."
I think this is totally fucked It's about fuckin' time. What took you guys so long D'you forget about a little something?
Fifty fuckin' feet, boys. I'm sick of this shit!
Sorry, dude.
You better be fuckin' sorry.
Rick, ease off these guys. They're doing a good job This wasn't my fuckin' idea.
If they gotta stay 50 feet away from me, they're gonna stay 50 feet away from me.
It's not my fuckin' problem! I'm sick of it.
Hey, what's with all the fuckin' ruckus out there, boys The old guy in the chair is trying to sleep in here Ray, we're just doing some landscaping.
Chill out go back to bed.
What are you doing?
Landscaping. Go back to bed.
There is too much fuckin' ruckus, boys.
Dad, I'll take care of it.
Keep the ruckus down.
That's the other problem. I am not gonna put my dad in a jeopardization with a hash driveway in his yard!, - Rick, Rick, remember back in the bowling-alley days how you'd hide weed in the smoke pack on the ground?
The cops come - it's not yours, it's just laying there.
It's basically the same fuckin' thing.
Your dad sleeps on this lot, they can't do shit to him.
Julian, that doesn't even make fuckin' sense.
It does make sense, Ricky.
You know what else?
I cannot work with those fuckin' dicks.
So I'm gonna give you an ultamarran right now.
It's either me or Gumby and P'fuckio., Boys, keep heating that stuff up you're doing a good job.
You're fired.
What? You're gonna fire me After I raised Corey and Trevor?
Now you're gonna start running them?
Hey, they're doing a good job, okay?
Fine, Julian, I'm going to fuckin' bed.
I'll tell you one thing - they are gonna fuck up.
It's only just a matter of time. You make my fuckin' words.
Good luck with your little precious Corey and Trevor.
You don't really believe that, do you, what he said?
Bubs, it's right out in the open.
No one's gonna figure this out. It's the perfect fuckin' plan.
Oh, yeah, perfect plan.
Listen, man, we sit on this for a while If we find the proper buyer, he buys the whole thing.
One lump sum. It's very low risk.
Don't worry about it.
Very low risk until we get caught.
Don't worry about it, okay I promise ya, nothing's gonna get fucked up.
Boys, get some water!
What the fuck was that, Julian? fuck, man.
I'm not the kind of person to say, "I toad a so," but ya know what? I toad a so. I fuckin' a toad a so!
Me and the Rock Pile got getting groceries down to a science, right? Know what I mean?
For real. We just roll up to a different Parcel Pick Up every day, Make sure them grocery bitches ain't there.
Straight up.
Just jack the shit and throw it in the whip, right?
Another beautiful day in Sunnyvale, Randy.
It is a nice day, Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey, I cleaned that stuff up properly.
Then someone else has been using our equipment, Randy I wonder who that could be Whoever it is, they didn't even clean it properly.
Should I do a report, Mr. Lahey?
The winds of shit are in the air.
Nothing, Randy.
Lahey, what the fuck you lookin' at with your skir today?
Never mind, J-Roc, keep her movin'.
Randy, why don't you go on eat a cheeseburger, you basketball-eatin' walrus-ass mothafucker.
Frig off, J-Roc! Actually, I'm off the cheeseburgers now.
Randy, don't play me like some kind of sucker, dawg Mothafuckers with guts like that ain't off the cheeseburgers.e Mothafuckers with guts lik definitely areon the cheeseburgers, dawg.
Yeah, man.
What's on, Rick?
You pave that driveway yourself? That shit's tight.
What the fuck are you doing, you fuckin' idiot?!
You do that again, you fuckin' jerk, I'll kill ya Ricky, calm down.
It's only a driveway, man.
Why you acting so hard?
We just walked by with some groceries for ya, candy Hang out and shit.
Talk about getting my turntables back maybe or some shit.
For real, man.
Here's an idea - why don't the three of you fuck off a while and let me finish sleeping fuck.
Fuckin' me and Tammy bought this place 35 years ago Got a 35-year mortgage; two weeks ago, paid it all off, man. It's mine free and clear.
Something to leave to Ricky, I guess.
(knocking) Yeah, come on in.
Ah, fuck.
Get that check cashed, motha -
Nah, J-Roc, I didn't get a chance. Sorry Was that 'cause you were too busy getting drunk, getting your lap dance on?
How come you got enough scrilly to get your lap dance on, but you ain't got enough to pay your groceries tab, dawg?
That don't make no sense.
Ray's hooked on those video lotto machines.
VLTs, he calls them. He's down there every day pumpin' the dirty cocksuckers full of all his money.
Hear me out. I'm goin' down tonight.
I'm gonna hit the machines, makin' the 20 bucks I owe ya and another 20! I'm gonna front you guys 20.
He'll pump 200 bucks into one, play it and win 50 dollars on his ticket and then somehow in his brain he thinks he's ahead.
That's the same bull-ish you laid on me last time, dawg So go on with your drunk VLT-playin', smellin'- like-Hamburger-Helper drunk mothafucker.
Hey, boys, that's the truth. I'm gonna have my lunch now.
Peace. You boys are out.
Ray, that's cold, dawg.
You all mothafuckers, dawg. We'll be back Boys, nice to see you.
Ah, fuck!
What, what?
You didn't see 60 bucks lying around, did ya, bud?
Sixty bucks?
Yeah, I had 60 bucks here on the night table there and it's gone.
What, twenties or something?
Three twenties.
What do you... No, I didn't. Uh, fuck, no. Sorry.
Did you check in your couch or anything?
Ray, there was 60 bucks there when I went to bed, now it's gone.
What are you saying, I stole your money?
Well, I dunno what I'm trying to say here, Ray. It's gone.
You're sayin' I stole your money!
The guy's sleepin' on my couch, I'm not chargin' any rent, and you're accusing me of stealing 60 bucks.
That's what it sounds like.
Well, has anybody else been in the trailer?
Like, since I've been to bed?
Well, it's fuckin' gone.
Coincidence, man.
I think me not working with Julian anymore is for the best I mean, fuck him. Now I can concentrate on more important things, like my family and trying to get things going with my daughter Trinity again, So I think I'm gonna cook up a huge BBQ dinner for them try to get things happening again with my family.
Great! Fuckin' Julian!
See, this is what I'm talking about, Bubs.
He fucks the old man's BBQ over, doesn't even give a fuck.
Well, it's probably just, you know -
Gimme a little bite of that, buddy?
Ricky! That's all I had.
Look, I'm gonna have a BBQ for the family tonight, I'll make sure there's extra food for ya, man That's the kinda guy I am.
How are you gonna do that?
You just told J-Roc to fuck off, did you not?
Bubs, he's a business man. Don't worry about it.
For fucksakes!
Enjoy your bin, dawg.
Shizzle. J-Roc.
What's goin on?
Not too much, Ricky. I fucked off like you told me.
What now?
I need some food.
I need some burgers, I need a cooler, frozen pizzas, couple bottles of BBQ sauce, onions, pickles, cheese, and most importantly, I need a new fuckin' BBQ.
A nice BBQ, not some piece of shit.
I want a fuckin' kick-ass BBQ. You get me all that by noon, I'll give you back some of your shit, alright Ricky, here's what I'm talking about.
Trinity don't even use them turntables, dawg.
Ya know what I'm sayin'? For real.
So I'll get you all that shit, , plus the dopest BBQ you ever seen in your life but in exchange, I get two turntables and one microphone and you got a deal, B.
Hmm. Alright, throw in a pack a smokes, we got a deal.
Deal, B!
Slip... base!
Okay, okay.
Oh, good, Lucy - look, it's Mr. Dumb Sweaty Guy Hey, Rick.
Who's playing the pianio?
Trin is.
She's been playing it nonstop since you gave it to her.
But the sounds and stuff coming out of there, how did that get learnt?
She's been taking lessons for four years, Ricky.
Right, you've been drunk and in jail for four years Trinity might be playing piano some of the time, but mostly she's totally fucking out of control.
She wants to be like her dad, for some reason.
I don't understand it, 'caus he's totally fucked in the head, but she looks up to him.
Trinity's got in a couple fights, throwing bottles, to me that's all part of growing up.
The thing with kids and growins and getting learnins and stuffn is that you can't lie to them. Basically, if you tell childre they can't do something, they're gonna wanna do it more When I was young, I did all kinds a crazy shit and I turned out wicked.
That's 'cause my dad was fuckin' cool he let me do shit I was allowed to drive his car around the park.
Basically, I took my dirt bike to school.
He let me grow dope in his shed in Grade 7.
That's what good parenting's about.
You gotta give them a bit of freedom.
Remember how I used to cook for you guys and it was awesome?
It was awesome, yeah.
Things were really good.
Well, I wanna start getting like that again.
Have a big BBQ and start hanging out some more as a family.
What do you think? Would you wanna let me cook for you?, Yeah, if by "cook for you, " you mean get drunk, pass out shoot off guns and Corey and Trevor go to jail, why wouldn't I wanna do that And Ricky, that's my moisturizing cream And that shit is for external use only., I don't care about guns and dope, Corey and Trevor, any of that stuff anymore. What I care about is my family spending more time with them. I'm trying to try here, Sarah.
Can you give me a bit of credudious?
What do you think?
Well, you know what?
I think it'd be fuckin' magic. I think it would be great.
Cool, I'm just gonna grab a couple turntables.
Give them back to J-Roc. What's the fuckin' problem here?
Fifty feet, boys.
Ricky, leave them alone.
Stop worrying about that peace-bond shit Listen, I've got to talk to you about your dad.
What are you talking about?
He stole 60 bucks off me Went to sleep, I had 60 bucks on the night table, I woke up, it was gone.
Guarantee it's those fuckin' gambling machines.
That's fucked. Ever since he paid his fuckin' trailer off, he's just out of control.
I'm worried about him, man Great timing, Lucy just agreed to have dinner with me tonight I'm gonna have a big BBQ.
You're welcome to come, I'd love to have you there I wanna get back with her, buddy, and this is my chance Tonight's gotta be awesome. I want it to be perfect.
You wanna get back with Lucy?
Is there any way you could take my Dad out for a couple hours, talk to him?
It sucks, but just try to talk some sense into him.
I don't got the cash to go out with your dad.
You must have a few bucks for a couple drinks and stuff.
I'll pay you back. Man, this is my chance.
I wanna get back with my fuckin' family.
It's all that matters to me now. I still wanna get stoned and drunk and stuff, but I wanna be with them.
Alright, I'll take him out I'll try to talk some sense into him.
Thanks, buddy. I really do appreciate it.
Rick... Ricky, leave those guys alone.
Come on. fuck, those guys are stupid.
What are you doing with them today, anyway?
It's just a training day.
Piece of advice - if you're gonna be running Corey and Trevor, treat them like fuckin' dogs. It's the only thing that works Boys, sit! Sit.
Julian's training program is so much better, because he's got a list of commands and terms that he uses with us.
And he almost treats us like an equal and he'll use the same types of terms and words over and over again.
I'm tellin' ya, things are really heating up with me and Lucy right now. It's goin' awesome.
I can't fuckin' wait till tonight.
Julian's gonna take the old man out, have a bit of alone time, really get some stuff goin'.
Holy fuck.
It's gonna be awesome. I can't wait.
Need a refill, Mr. Lahey No, Ran.
They always have refreshments down at the bridge game.
Bridge game?
I thought you only played on Tuesday and Thursday.
Well, there's always a bridge game, Randy.
Right now, I need one.
Helps me keep my mind off the liquor.
Forgot your playing cards, Mr. Lahey.
Oh. Thanks, Bo-bandy.
What the hell is this?
Shut up, I talked to Trinity about it. She's cool.
Okay, so it's between him and Trinity, and you know what She's not using them that much She's using the keyboard, it's not... It's fine.
I'm trading them for a BBQ so we can all eat together So that we can all have meals together.
Like, you know... It's perfect.
This is not... This is not... bad.
Got any Worchesner sauce Um...
See you guys at the BBQ. Thanks, Sarah.
That's great. Thanks... Thanks, Ricky.
What just happened here?
Hey, Ricky, check this shit out, dawg.
No fuckin' way! A fuckin' Outdoorsman?
Where the fuck d'you get this?
Chained up outside Canadian mothafucker, where else?
Not a mothafucker around, either.
It's factory-built, but it doesn't look too bad.
That's fuckin' awesome., I mean, anytime I've ever seen him cooking in my whole life that's when he's the most calm and the most focused.
'Cause he's not thinking about dope and guns, and goin' crazy, he's just focused on cookin' that meal. I mean, it takes all of Ricky's mental abilities to cook something.
I've seen him get pulled into a trance by bacon sizzling.
He'll just stand there.
Well, two turntables and a microphone J-Roc.
Thanks, boy.
I'm gonna cook the fuck out of stuff on this thing I'm gonna scratch the fuck out of these mothafuckers tonight.
What the fuck's the deal with these machines?
You win any money or what?
Not doin' too bad, buddy. Up about 60 bucks.
The guy in the chair's feelin' lucky tonight too, boys.
Well, what do you say, Ray Let's go hit a bar, get a couple of drinks.
Just gonna finish this drink and we'll get goin', okay, buddy Alright.
Yo, Ricky!
Hey, any chance of us being able to fuck with a burger No problem, boys. How do want them done?
Well done, medium, rare? Actually, no. Police bond.
Fifty feet. Sorry, boys.
You know what, Ricky?
You can make them some fuckin' burgers.
I'll run 'em over for you, Dad.
No, you don't have to, Trin. They're fine over there.
My fuck, these are good burgers, Ricky.
Let's go, sweetie.
Is everything okay, Trin? Was the food good?
Yeah, it was great.
See you tomorrow, okay?
Let's go, buddy.
Ricky, make sure you put out those candles and torches.
We don't want a fuckin' fire.
I'm not an idiot.
Where are you guys goin' ?
Goin' to a strip club.
You wanna come with us, buddy?
Strip club?
Thanks, Julian.
Goin' to a strip club!
Let go of some of those fries, buddy.
Ricky, these are my fries. Make your own.
There's fat on the stove I don't know how to work that.
I got new potatoes on the grill. You can have some of those Gimme some fries.
No. Can't. Can't help ya Corey, Trevor, do you wanna go in the car, boys?
Put the wheelchair in the trunk.
Get in the back.
Youget in the back, Ray.
There's more room back there, Bubs. Go ahead.
I'm doin' you a favour.
If your legs don't work, why do you need more room?
For fucksakes!
Ah, fuck!
Fuckin' potatoes are burned, Lucy. I'm sorry.
You know what? That's okay. I'll eat those.
You can't eat those. Look at them.
We'll cook some french fries Jeez.
Those are gonna be awesome Fuckin' great.
Rick, do you think there's any way that we could have a conversation without... a fuckin' circus?
Yeah, of course.
Guys, please, I've been pretty fuckin' nice here.
You're fuckin' things up with Lucy., I need to talk to her in private about some financial stuff childamony, a bunch of other stuff, and I don't want you guys fuckin' following us.
We're goin' for a drive. fuck off.
You with the Mike, too. Seriously.
Ready, Luce? Let's go.
Yeah, just a second.
Julian, we have to get some drinks They're not gonna let us sit here.
Got us covered, Bubs. Don't worry about it.
Corey, Trevor, let's go with some drinks.
Boys, sit down. Corey and Trevor, they got big erections on them Everybody noticed them. (man): Jesus Christ, boys, ease off with the fuckin' erections Ray was supposed to go up to the bar and get us drinks, Julian gave him liquor money but he's wheelin' there and he veers into the fuckin' VLT room and dumps money into the machines.
Ray, what the fuck you doin', man?
I lost all the liquor money, boys.
That's the way she goes.
That's the way she goes? !
That's right, that's the way she goes. That's what I said.
So you lost all our drink money, is what "she goes."
She's gone.
That's right. That's the way she goes.
Sometimes she goes, sometimes she doesn't.
She didn't go. That's the way she goes.
Well, I guess we're goin ' the fuck home, then.
Corey, get him out a here.
It was gonna be the best night ever, now it's the worst ever.
Fuckin' way she goes, he said.
Fuckin' way she goes. goddamn erections ruined the night.
Oh, fuck! Ricky, put your pants on!
What the fuck's goin' on here? Back when we were teenagers, me and Lucy used to come parking behind the muffler shop all the time.
It's really dark. It's just a great place to bang.
Look, we just came down here. We're sleeping.
You know exactly what we we're doing here and I don't know why you can't just fuckin' leave us alone!
Apparently, now, you can't bang behind the muffler shop.
The cops are back here all the time. Cops roll up on us right in the middle of some stuff goin' on...
She's been drinkin', I wasn't drinkin', I'm driving We came here... We were having a nap.
We're not!
I don't have anything on me.
Sorry. If you wanna follow me back to my dad's trailer, I've got everything there.
I've been trying to get shit going for years.
We were together a long time ago, she's the mother of my child. We almost got married, now were getting back together and this shit happens.
Are you still talking to that dick?
Let's get the fuck out of here I mean, my car's not legal. I had no ID, so it's pretty good of them to let us off.
I'm gonna go back to the trailer park.
Hopefully my dad's not home, we could finish this stuff off I don't think so, tiger.
I'm sorry, I just don't think that's happening tonight.
I love those little pepperon sticks they give you at the bar., These are fuckin' awesome.
If we'd stayed longer, Ray you could've had more of those.
No, I ate all of them.
It was all they had left.
Oh, fuck, boys.
What's with the cop cars here?
They found the fuckin' hash.
What fuckin' hash are you talking about?
I gotta get the fuck outta here, man.
Julian, look, there's fire trucks.
Oh, my fuck, boys.
There was a fire.
Donny's trailer's burnt down again, boys. That poor bastard Where's Ricky. Do you guys see Ricky?
Omigod. This isn't good.
In front of my trailer, you guys.
Dad, just had a little bit of a fuckup. No big deal What? fuck, Julian.
Omigod, what went on here?
Holy fuck.
Jesus Christ, Julian, get me out, get my chair.
Oh, my fuck.
Hey, Dad.
Ricky, what kind of a fuckup was it, buddy?
What happened to my trailer?
I dunno.
It just burned down. All on its own.
On its own? What...? It burned down on its own?
What happened?
Grease fire. Nobody hurt I think he overreacted a bit Yeah, his trailer's fuckin' burnt to the ground, but it could've been worse. No one was hurt, at least.
Definitely, he overreacted Grease fire? What do you mean?
Pots on the stove. That's what the fire inspector says Some idiot.
God, the french-fry pot.
Ricky, get these firemen off the driveway and get these people the hell out of here.
Okay, buddy.
Guys, if you don't mind, get off the driveway, please It's the only thing my Dad has left.
It's kinda soft from all the fuckin' heat.
Please, just get the hoses and shit off there, everything Okay, everybody, the fire's over. It's all fuckin' out, Please clear out of here. Thanks for all your help, guys with all your water and everything else you did.
Get off the fuckin' driveway. Seriously about that.
Not gonna ask you again.
Everybody else, just please go home.
My Dad wants to be alone right now.
Show some fuckin' respect, please!
Get the fuck out of here. I'm serious.
What are you looking at?
Nothing to see here. A little bit of a tiny fire, we're gonna fix it up. fuck off.
We set up a relief station back at the house.
You're welcome to bunk out there tonight if you want.
No, I don't think so, Jimmy.
Is it 'cause I don't have a ramp?
No, Jimmy, it's 'cause I don't like you, buddy.
I'd rather sleep on the goddamn ground.
Let's go. Out of here, Lahey. Get, Randy, get!, Dad, I know this looks fucked up right now but it's not that bad.
I mean, it's pretty fucked, but...
I'm sorry, man. I can't believe this happened.
It's the way she goes, buddy The fuckin' way she goes!
Oh... fuck.
Ah... fuck!
My God, I was hoping this was just a fucking bad dream.
Well, it's not. Check it out, buddy.
Most of the stuff still works fine.
My brain must've played a trick on me or something My brain plays tricks on me all the time, man.
That's 'cause it's way smarter than me.
It's always fucking me around.
I was sure I turned that fat off!
I know I turned it off.
What are you talking about I was cooking french fries and I fucking burned this trailer down.
Omigod, youwerecooking french fries.
You could've easily burned this trailer down.
That's what I'm saying.
I fucking did it this time Ricky told me just to not think about it and it would go away, but my brain doesn't work that way.
I can't just put it out of my mind.
I burned Ray's home down.
I know I checked that fat, though. I know I turned it off I was planning on taking the blame, 'cause there's a pretty good chance that I did it., Well, I mean, I did do it. But Bubbles took the blame so once someone takes the blame, what do you do?
I couldn't take it then, he had already taken it.
You never seen a trailer fire before? It's not a big deal.
Get the fuck out of here. fuck off!
Two words: fuck - pretty easy to understand; off - real easy to understand. fuck off.
Time to wake up, Julian.
Hey, Jules.
No drinking and driving.
Corey, Trevor, do you wanna go in the car? Come on, let's go.
See ya later, boys!
God, Ray, I'm so sorry. I don't even know what to say to you.
It's alright, Bubs. No big deal. Just my trailer All bought and paid for.
Thirty-five-year mortgage me and Tammy got back in 1970.
Hey, check it out, her name's still on the paperwork, boys It's all I had to my name, fellas.
You know, to be perfectly honest, if Ricky had done this, I mean, I...
I really wouldn't be too surprised.
Like, most people wouldn't be too surprised., Ah, he's done a few things in his life that, you know haven't been the smartest thing, but frigging Bubbles, to do this, man, it's like this is a big fuckup for a guy like Bubbles.
Let's all go get drunk and hit the machines, boys Dad, I'm gonna take care of this, alright? I promise., I'm on it. I'm your son. I... I can take care of this and we'll be getting drunk tonight.
You'll sleep in a bed tonight, I fucking promise ya.
Me and Bubs.
Yeah? I think you mean Julian's gonna take care of this, don't you, Rick?
Dad. I'm Ricky, your son. I'm gonna take care of this.
Not Julian. fuck him.
I'll help him, Ray.
Alright, boys. Well, we'll see what happens, okay Hello, Ray!
Get off the fucking driveway, you dick.
Sorry, Ricky.
Forgot you all sensitive about your whack driveway.
You know, we doing a'ight, ganking groceries.
It's not what I wanna do for a living.
Get the career back on track. But we're making some money.
So we, like, a'ight, Ray went out hard, when his trailer burned down so we hooked that ma-fug with some groceries.
Ray, we got some groceries, ma-fucker, to help you out Fifty percent off, man, plus the 85 bucks you owe me already, Go fuck yourself, J-Roc.
What you talking about?
Jesus Christ, J-Roc, his trailer's burnt down.
Gimme the fucking chips!
I'm taking the fuckin' -
His trailer just burned down !
I'll give mafucker a break (shouting)
Old-ass jerk up here, sittin' around in a chair.
Phony old truck-drivin' mothafucker!
Excuse me, who'd you call a phony there, Jamie? Huh?
You did not just call me Jamie.
Don't worry about it, don't worry about it.
What now, Ray? (shouting)
Fake-wheelchair motherfucker.
Get the fuck outta here! fuck you guys. fuck you guys.
You guys can talk so much shit all the time.
I'll fucking crank any of you! Jamie's fucking kazoo and Mr. Peace! fucking Fidel Castro!
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Good boys.
Alright, boys, we got a lot...
Why didn't you tell me my face was marked up?
We didn't know if you thought that was cool or something Julian, what are you doing You're not thinking. That's what I'm doing.
For fucksakes, boys.
Sarah's gonna friggin' kill me.
I'm gonna friggin' kill you!
No talking.
Do you wanna use the cheeseboard, or the spatula?
I'll use the cheeseboard You guys stay in the car, alright? Peace-bond shit.
Yeah, that's cool. Listen Julian, thanks a lot -
No talking. Stay. How's the driveway? Alright?
Fire department and their goddamn water, we're lucky it's not ruined.
Trailer's ruined, though, Julian. fucking because of stupid me What are you talking about I think I burned the fucking thing down.
I was cooking those stupid french fries.
Ah, man. Don't worry about it, alright?
Okay, I'm gonna make sure everything's gonna be cool here.
You gotta keep positive.
The most important thing is this driveway, Bubs.
And it's okay, so everything's okay.
We gotta wait for the right time, then we'll sell this and all have trailers.
Even Ray, Rick.
Are you fucking kidding me You don't give a fuck about Ray, so don't even give me that shit.
I know you're only thinking about yourself, but let's just sell it right now. I'm not waiting We're not selling it till we find the proper buyer.
And we don't have one, do we? No. We don't.
Have you fucking seen this shit?
You stay here and watch this driveway.
I'm gonna go with them, help out my dad Can you stop fighting?!
You don't wanna help dad You wanna help yourself. Take Gummy and fuck y'all, go play at the beach.
This is about your dad!
Stop fighting!
My nerves are shot!
Alright, alright. I'm sorry.
Who's got your belly?
I got his fucking belly.
You watch this driveway, Ricky.
What's up, dude?
Shut up, shut up.
You two shut the fuck and get out of here.
If his little car'll start His little fancy car he stole from fucking Terry.
Terry's gonna be real fucking happy about this, Julian.
Look after the driveway.
You look after the fucking driveway (tires squealing)
No, I got it.
Guys! Don't worry about the gumballs.
Get that machine in the trunk.
Get in the car, Trevor.
Hurry up!
This looks good, boys. There's no one around.
Alright, get the money out of it, boys.
Can we get the gum, Julian?
I don't care. Just hurry up.
We gonna make some serious cash here, boys Guys, guys, guys, what are you doing?
Come on, hit it. Hit it.
Harder. Come on, hit it harder Get mad!
It's friggin hard, Julian.
Trevor, come here for a second.
Take it.
I'm not cool enough to shoot your gun, Julian.
Take the gun. Take it.
I'm not cool enough to shoot this, Julian.
I'm not as cool as you. You know that.
I can't shoot your friggin' gun!
Alright, point the gun at the machine and shoot it.
You hit that machine, you're gonna be a lot cooler than you are now.
Shoot it!
I told you I'm not cool enough, Julian.
Man, I'll shoot the gun.
No, he's doing it Corey.
You shoot that machine, or you're never hanging out with me again. Now shoot it.
Put the gun up, be confident and squeeze the trigger.
Okay, Julian.
Shoot it.
I'll do it.
Shoot it!
See? Didn't that feel good?
Holy shit!
Good boy, good boy. Alright, enough of that.
Alright, boys, get the money, then you can have some gum I said get the money first, guys.
Ricky, you're not smoking old foot hash, are you?
Bubs, look at this fucking hash oil here.
I'm not gonna waste it.
It's awesome. fuck off, dog. Bubs?
Listen, buddy. I know what's gonna cheer up my dad I know where his old rig sleeper is We should tow it here, set it up for him.
He can sleep in that.
His rig sleeper?, - Yeah, you know the thing on the back of his old 18-wheeler he used to sleep in on the road?
Bring that here, man. That'd be perfect.
That's a fucking great idea.
Ricky, my friend, Shitty Bill, he could probably tow it here for us.
Shitty Bill?
He's a friend of mine from cart salvaging.
Pooped himself when he was a little guy and the name kind of stuck Don't call him Shitty Bill, though.
Can I do the gears, Shitty? Which one is it?
Right here? Alright.
Shitty, why the fuck is this taking so long?
Get her up there, Shitty Check it out, buddy. It's awesome.
Are you sure he's gonna like it?
Trust me, he'll fucking love it.
Well, we're gonna be going to, uh, a strip club., They got a bunch of those gambling machines those VLT things, and what we're gonna do, is just pump them up with money and then, uh, cash them out.
Listen, Jules, don't tell Rick this, man.
It's so much easier to work with you.
Way better for concentration and stuff.
It really is, man.
Because you're doing a good job, boys. Alright?
Listen, I think it's time here Come on, slap my hands.
You go first, Corey.
Come on, don't leave me hanging here, boys.
Slapping hands, it's a reward.
You don't be doing this all the time, okay?
You look like dicks. When I say hands up, it's cool Got it?
It's cool, man.
Alright. Alright, what's not cool is going in the front door of these places, okay?
They're greasy. You don't wanna be seen.
Hey, that's Lahey.
What the fuck is he doing here?
Ah, man, don't tell me there's male dancers in there.
No, man, that's every second Tuesday and Thursday, Julian You guys want more gum?
Let's make some money, boys.
Let's go. Come on, let's go.
Julian's so smart to come up with this plan., We basically take all of these quarters dump them in the machine.
Cash it out, take the winning ticket, get that winning ticket photocopied, then you go to a bunch of different taverns around town and cash it out. I mean, it's perfect.
We're not even breaking the law.
Photocopying isn't against the law.
It's the perfect plan.
Make a few hundred bucks today easily. In about two hours Oh, my fuck.
Look who's got the gambling bug, eh, Julian So, buddy, Julian, Julian, c'mere.
Couldn't loan the guy in the chair a couple of quarters, could you, buddy?
I'm working here. I have no money. Okay?
Julian, if you don't wanna give the guy in the chair a couple of quarters, the guy who just lost his trailer, forget it, man.
You don't get it, okay?
These machines are put in here by the government to take money from people, okay?
They just want welfare cheques back, Ray, and it's working.
I know what's going on, okay? I mean, nobody has to tell me what's going on.
I like to play the VLTs. There's nothing wrong with that.
If the guy upstairs didn't want us to play the VLTs, he wouldn't have created them in the first place.
All creation is because of the big guy upstairs.
Good man, Ray. Get out of here.
Go drink, watch some dancers, okay?
That's Ricky. What the fuck is Ricky doing here?
He's gonna fuck up our whole program, you guys.
Maybe he's buying groceries.
You mean he's taking fucking groceries!
He's using our fucking shit!
What's this? What's going on?
Are you cutting our hustle, mafuckers?
It's for my dad, alright? So chill out.
There's nothing you can do about this.
We're the ones who gank groceries up in this park.
J-Roc, I don't wanna be fucking ganking groceries I feel really guilty, about the whole "burning Ray's trailer down" thing that I did so, I mean, I don't really have a choice Anything Ricky wants me to do, I'm gonna have to do it.
Go on! This is awesome, buddy. Set my dad up with some booze and some food. He'll be happy as fuck.
Bubs, we gotta get these bins out of here, man! Cops!
Alright, Ricky. Ricky!
Deal with that.
I come in peace, Bubbles. No bullshit.
Where'd you get the groceries?
I can't talk about that, Mr. Lahey.
I'm just trying to help Ray out a little bit.
'Cause I burned his trailer down.
That's all.
Look, I'll sell you a tub, too. I'm not worried about that Look, 12 bucks for all those. If you're interested.
Thanks, Bubbles.
Listen, from a friend to a friend, all this grocery business, watch yourself.
This is a good little scam. You can do this scam a couple of times a year and get away with it.
I got Corey and Trevor in there now.
They're, uh, printing off the tickets.
You know, those guys are doing a pretty good job.
I think maybe those guys will end up doing okay for themselves, you know?
Julian, check them out! They look like the real thing.
And we got suckers.
Right on.
Ah, goddammit.
What the fuck is going on, Ricky? Know what I'm saying?
Nothing's going on, J-Roc. Hey, Trin.
Don't throw those at people, Trinity.
Why you're disrespecting me like that, dawg?
Off my turf, mothafucker!
Groceries is my turf!
You arseholes! fuck off!
That's whack!
You a big tough guy now I'll show you a fucking tough guy.
Ricky, you crazy, mafucker !
Get down, man, get down!
I don't care now! (bottles smashing)
What the fuck?!
Right on, Trin! Right on ! (screaming)
Get their children to go home somewhere!
For chrissake!
Get a hold of your child, Ricky! You're a whack dad!
What are we doing here, Julian?
We're setting Ray up. Everything went well today We made a lot of money. So right now, we're picking up a few things for Ray, because he lost the trailer and everything.
So we're just gonna get some things to help him out.
Oh, yeah, that's awesome, buddy.
Listen, Bubs, we gotta do one more job. We have to rob the liquor store to get some booze for the old man.
I promised him.
Ricky, can we not rob the liquor store, please?
Bubbles, it's not a big deal. It'll take about five minutes.
I promised him we're gonna get him fucking wasted tonight We're gonna get drunk as fuck. Come on, man. fuck, boys. Look at my fucking trailer Dad, back in your chair. What are you doing?
People'll see you.
He is wasted, Ricky. fuck, boys.
Check this out.
How's that for a fucking bed to sleep in, huh?
Whoa, now whoa.
Whoa, that's the sleeper from my '72 White Western Star Where the fuck did you get this, boy?
Down at the dump.
Oh, fuck.
Get in, Dad, check it out.
It's awesome. Bubs helped me out, 'cause he felt guilty with the trailer stuff, so he's a fucking good guy We got Shitty Bill to tow it down here.
It's yours. This is where you can stay I can guaran-fucking-tee you Julian's not gonna do any better than this. fuck Julian.
Yo, Ray, check this out. dude!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Trevor, Trevor, what the fuck are you doing?
We got stuff. It's awesome.
Corey, Trevor.
Check this -
In the car.
Fifty fucking feet.
In the car, both of youse. Stay!
Julian, you better get those guys away from me.
I'm fucking serious.
Where'd you find this piece of shit, boys?
Julian, we worked all day to get this thing here.
Piece of shit, is it?
You left the driveway?
I'm out working my ass off with these idiots and you leave the fucking driveway.
Why don't you watch the fucking driveway?
At least my old man has a place to lay his head tonight, 'cause of me. You don't give a fuck about him, you just care about his liquor.
Oh, I don't, do I?
Ray, guess what I got you, buddy?
Army tent.
You got me an army-issue tent, that is?
Got you pots, pans, cots. All the necessities, Rick.
All the what?
You don't know what that means, do you?
Yeah, maybe I do. Maybe I don't.
Maybe I don't give a fuck about your big goddamn self-helper-book words that you're taking and spitting out of your mouth Good boy. Car.
Trevor, get the fuck away from me.
Ray, buddy, here you go, man.
Jesus. Thanks, buddy.
Thought of everything. It's not from me, it's from Ricky. He told me to pick it up for you.
You got this for the old man Fuckin' love you, man.
Yeah, I guess I did.
I'm gonna want half of that, though, if that's alright.
Oh, I'm gonna be alone for a while now, boys. fuck, Julian, I'm sorry, man I start shooting off my fucking mouth and acting like an idiot.
I'm fucked in the head, you know that. I'm sorry.
That's fucking great, what you did for my dad, man Thanks.
Alright. Alright.
Especially that rum.
Rick, let's just concentrate on the driveway, okay?
We'll set the tent up there. I've got some tarps.
We can put it over the driveway.
Protect it from rain and shit, alright?
My fuck, you're smart, man Omigod.
Hey, Jules.
Hey, Sarah.
What, it's only temporary, okay?
I didn't say anything.
Ray, like, I am so sorry about this mess.
I'm as much to blame as Ricky. Like, it's just -
Lucy, Lucy. Come on in for some drinks He had nothing to do with this.
Well, I mean, he was with me when it happened.
No, he wasn't. He was sleeping.
He didn't see any of this.
We were banging behind the muffler place.
We came back, the place was up in smoke and there was nothing we could do.
It was just a shell. There was flames everywhere -
Ricky, what? What is she talking about, Rick?
Thinking back, it probably would've been a good idea to tell Lucy that I didn't tell everybody that we burned the trailer down.
Then it was too late, and, I mean, Lucy really fucked me around Rick?
Ricky, what does she mean?
Alright. I fucked up, Dad. I'm sorry., I mean, we were having a BBQ and the potatoes got fucked up so I came in here to make us some french fries and Lucy started doing stuff to me and the next thing I knew, we were at the muffler shop and stuff was happening there.
The cops came and I got back here, the trailer was golfing flames.
There was nothing I could do The trailer was golfing with flames?
Yeah, like flames fucking golfing, golfing, golfing out the roof, out the fucking door.
It was golfing. There was nothing I could do You know I would've saved it if I could, Dad.
I mean, the big thing is, the trailer burned down.
I don't really think it matters who fucking did it.
It's gone. And whether it was me or Bubbles, who fucking cares.
And really, it's kind of Bubbles's fault anyways He cooked fries in the first place., If Bubbles hadn't cooked the fries in the first place I wouldn't have had the idea to cook the fries.
Come on, buddy, who's got your belly?
Ricky, you don't touch my belly.
This is the most fucked-up thing you've ever done to me Hands down.
No, it's not.
Look, you started taking the blame and I didn't want you to, but you did.
You're my best friend, so I gotta let you.
That's what best friends do to each other.
That doesn't make any fucking sense, Ricky.
Maybe in your head it does.
There's also a good chance that you gotta blame the thing up here.
'Cause you know what that works like. Not good And you know I would never intentionally fucking hurt my friends, buddy Come on. Let's have a drink.
Ricky, I don't think I can ever forgive you.
That's it. I think we're done.
Bubbles, don't talk like that.
I think we're done.
Come on, give me a hug, buddy.
I don't want a hug. You're never getting a hug from me again. No more hugs.
Nice going, Ricky.
Julian -
No, don't. Don't give me..
No more shit, alright?
You better start thinking of a way of making this up to him You got it? For fucksakes, Ricky.
Dad, please - fuck, Ricky.
I'll get drunk with -
Rick, you lied to the old man.
You lied to the guy in the chair, Rick.
You lied to the guy in the fucking chair, man.
We still got your back, dude Corey, when I look up again, you better be 50 fucking feet away.
See you later, Corey.
Later, Trevor.
Ah... fuck!
Hey, Rand, I got the kayaks, man. C'mon, let's go.
Ssst! Phil, keep it down. C'mere.
Listen, I can't leave. I can't go kayaking today.
Mr. Lahey, he's talking about liquor and stuff.
I just can't leave him alone right now.
I've never kayaked, Phil. I don't know anything about it Oh, c'mon, I can show you the basics here on the lawn.
Nothing to it. C'mon, you and me.
See, you're getting the hang of it.
Yeah, it seems like it'd be pretty easy, Phil Randy, I gotta ask you something.
What is it about Jimmy and the liquor?
Well, Mr. Lahey loves liquor Hasn't had a drink in a long time, but he's been talking lately about how much he likes the taste of it, getting drunk, the smell of it I'm just worried he's gonn a fall off the wagon, Phil.
You should get some of those hypnosis tapes They really work for a fella. (bottles rattling)
Duck, Phil! Bottle kids!
Jesus Christ!
Stop throwing the friggin' bottles!
Stop throwing them!
Ow! Oh, my gut!
How do you like them now, Hamburglar!
I'm friggin telling!
Everybody's saying the trailer fire was my fault, , especially my old man, which I guess it kind of was, and I do feel bad his trailer burned down and everything but maybe if my dad and fucking Julian and Bubbles weren't out getting lap dances at a fucking strip club, getting drunk, the whole thing could have been preventeded, for fucksakes.
Oh, well, you know, things aren't too bad, all things considered.
Sure, it could be better, but, uh..., God takes care of the little sparrows in the sky he's gonna take care of the guy in the chair.
That's what God's like.
I have God to thank for everything.
Hey, Dad.
Hey, buddy.
Cooking some bacon for ya, buddy.
Smells good, buddy. There's only three pieces left, but I'll give it to you as long as I can have the grease.
You can have the grease.
Bacon frying and the sparrows chirping, Rick.
It's all about the bacon and the sparrows, buddy.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Talking about the sparrows. Sparrows in the bible, buddy You know, nothing to worry about.
I'm not worried.
My trailer's burned down. The sparrows aren't worried.
Nobody's worried.
Sparrows are stupid, Dad They don't give a fuck about anything.
Exactly my point, Rick.
Maybe God forgives you for burning down my trailer.
That's the point I'm trying to make.
Does old Goddy-boy forgive you for getting lap dances and playing VLTs?
What's your point, Rick?
There's nothing wrong with VLTs and getting drunk.
You want some fucking bacon or not?
Yes, Rick, I do.
Rick, there's another point. We should be thankful for the bacon we're having this morning, 'cause where do you think the bacon came from, Rick?
From a cow.
'Morning, Ray.
Couldn't get a splash of rum off you, could I?
No, I don't think so, buddy.
Give him a fucking break, Julian.
Don't you think we put him through enough?
Look at this fucking place.
What are you talking about, we?
Oh, you're innocent now?
Yes, can I order... pancakes, please?
With syrup... and butter, bacon... hash browns... toasts with butter.
Ah, fuck.
That was gonna be delicious.
Hey, Bubs.
Hey, Ricky.
Holy fuck, that bacon smells good.
Is there any extra?
Only a few pieces Bub.
I gave it to, uh, gave it to the old man.
I'm doing bread heels in grease. It's pretty good.
You want half?
Of an old bread heel?
Yeah, just dip it in bacon grease.
It's fucking awesome.
You do it too.
You're not tricking me, are you?
It's kind of fucking dry, Ricky.
Have you anything to drink There's a little bit left in that.
You still pissed off?
Well... kind of.
Yup, giving up liquor was the hardest thing I ever had to do in my life.
But the clarity that I feel right now makes it all worthwhile.
I can honestly say I will never drink again.
I can't believe Trinity's throwing bottles, Mr. Lahey. shit apple.
Time for your meds, buddy. Take two.
I'm not taking those anymore, Ran-Ran-Bo-Bandy.
I don't need 'em. They make me sleepy.
Well, you gotta take them, Mr. Lahey.
You don't wanna get back on the rye again.
Remember what that was like?
Well, it's a little bit stressful.
I mean, Mr. Lahey's been doing really good.
Uh, he hasn't had a drink since the day he tried to kill Ricky, and he had about 49 drinks that day.
But lately, you know, he's been talking about liquor and calling me Bo-Bandy, which he normally only does when he's drunk.
So just the thought of him drinking again, it scares the shit out of me Ah, Bubbles, push it.
Come on, Ray.
You don't use your arms anymore, either?
Well, you're pushing me there, buddy.
That's good, that's good.
Dad, I wanna borrow the car!
Where's the clearing stick Just on the hood there, sweetie.
You have to give it lots of gas, alright?
It's still stalling quite a bit.
Isn't that precious?
Ricky. Rick, Rick, Rick. What is your problem, man?
She's just a kid. Don't let her drive the car.
She's driving it around the park.
It's none of your business, is it, Julian?
It's not a big deal. My mum used to let me drive the mower and the car around the park before I was seven.
Yeah, and your mum's fucked in the head, Rick.
Hey! You watch what you say about Tammy.
Oh, you just think you're so big, don't you?
You and your precious books, Julian.
What's wrong with reading books Ray? Huh?
I'm bettering myself here.
You should probably do the same thing, Rick.
What are you talking about?
Stop it, would you?
I'm out of here, boys. I'm out of here.
Dad, don't worry about it.
No, I'm going.
I'm going, boys.
Thanks for the drink, Ray.
Oh, you're welcome, Julian. I was gonna give you a drink until you got all frickity-fucky on us.
You know what?
Don't give him a drink.
You know what? I am gonna give you a drink.
You know why? 'Cause the bible says share.
Julian, the guy in the chair shares even with guys he doesn't wanna be around.
Thanks, Ray.
No, you're welcome, Julian. Take it and enjoy.
Don't leave the park, sweetie.
Can't believe you took my last dad's drink, Julian.
You're fucked.
Would you just fuck off?
You fuck off.
No, you fuck off.
Why don't you suck my cock?
Why don'tyousuck it?
Suck it first!
Boys! Listen to yourselves ! You know what?
You guys never used to say fuck off and suck this and -
I don't care for any of this. I'm going home.
And I'm having fun today.
Bubs, Bubs, Bubs.
C'mon, man. C'mon.
Let's have some fun today. C'mon, buddy.
Put me down!
Get up here.
Put me down!
Listen, buddy. I fucked up and I wanna make it up to you.
So whatever you wanna do today, we're gonna do it.
Yeah, whatever you want.
How about we get a badminton set?
Remember how fun badminton was in prison?
To be honest, I fucking hate bagmington.
I played it in jail 'cause now you can't smoke in jail, which is fucked, and to get your mind off smoking, you basically play sports.
Let's go to the mall and get a badminton set then, boys Badminton!
Trinity! What the hell are you doing driving this car Chill!
Did your father tell you you could drive? Trinity, stop the car right now!
Trinity, I'm impounding this vehicle!
Stop the car right now!
It's okay, Mr. Lahey!
Randy, d'you see that? goddamn shit apple driving a shit mobile.
What kind of a father lets his daughter do that?
Nobody in this goddamn park gives a fuck!
Why the hell should I? Mr. Lahey, you know you've been doing really good with the quitting-the-drinking-habit thing, but you been talking about it all the time lately, so you know what I think?
What do you think, Randy Well, I just never, ever want you to drink again, Mr. Lahey, so I got these really good hypnosis tapes.
Randy, how many times do I have to goddamn tell you I'm sober?
Who cares if I mention drinking once in a while, huh?
I can't ignore an elephant in a room, now can I?
I used to drink, Randy. Yes, I used to drink and I can't do anything about that.
But I got the shit monkey off my back for good.
Well, I thought you just might want to give them a try -
Do I ask you to listen to Stop Eating Cheeseburger tapes now?
Do I? No, I don't. You know why?
I don't fucking drink anymore, end of story.
I'm just trying to help. Mr. Lahey. Whatever!
Listen, boy, I'm sorry I jumped on you like that.
If it makes you feel any better, I'll, uh, I'll give them a go.
Well, it would. Let's go. Right now.
I'll get it cued, Mr. Lahey.
Come on, boys.
There's gotta be a fucking paging system around here somewhere.
A what?
Paging system. Bingo.
You wanna have some fun, buddy? Check this out.
Ah, Ricky, no, no, no, no, no.
What are they gonna do, kick me out?
Mr. Lahey and Randy to the fuck Off Department Mr. Lahey and Randy to the fuck Off Department And hurry the fuck up. Thank you.
Boys, let's just find a badminton set -
Come on, Julian!
We're gonna get kicked out Just let me do one more.
Alright. Come on.
Holy fuck, boys, look at that!
What is it?
Holy fuck!
What the fuck is it?
That is a fully functional rocket kit.
No way.
That's what that is.
I didn't know they sold these around here.
Julian, fuck the badminton set. Let's get this baby.
So will that go to the moon and stuff?
Bubs, Bubs, Bubs, it's 100 bucks, man.
Where are we gonna get that?
Ah, for fucksakes.
Don't worry about it.
I'll tell you, we're gonna fucking get it right now.
What's $99.99 plus the taxes stuff?
Seventy-five? Seventy-eight?
No, Ricky, it's $114.98.
Just a sec.
What are you doing Rick?
Ricky? Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick. Rick!
Look, this works every time, okay?
You guys just meet me in the car and I'll take care of it.
Get Bubbles a fucking rocket He said it, Julian.
Hurry up to the car, guys.
There's somebody in the trunk!
What the fuck are you guys doing in there?
Dude, man, cleaning your car and we kind of got locked in You guys locked yourself in there by accident when you were cleaning my car, didn't ya?
You got it.
That's not smart, boys.
Boys, boys, boys, mall cops! Mall cops!
For fucksakes, Ricky.
What do you think you're doing with that? D'you pay for that?
Give it to me.
I bought that two weeks ago.
Where's the receipt?
Let's go. We have to have a talk.
We'll talk in your office. That's alright.
I don't know these two guys right here, but I'm sure they're pretty much responsible.
Get those two in the back. Let's go.
Bring them in here, let's go. Have a seat, boys.
I wanna press charges, for the front door out there It's dangerous and I could've been killed -
You can press charges when the cops get here.
They're on their way.
We don't need to call them You guys are smarter than real cops. You're mall cops.
Why do we need real cops? Misunderstanding.
I went out to the car with the rocket.
These guys were supposed to pay for it. I gave them a cheque It's probably in their pockets. Just check 'em.
Which guys?
It's probably that guy with the Ronnie shirt on there.
Mordecai, Horatio, you wanna check their pockets, see what they got?
That's my gum, out of my car That's my fucking comb! What are you guys doing?
You trying to rip me off to buy drugs? a There's the cheque right there. I bet they were fucking gonn cash that in for drugs too, weren't you?
It's for the amount of the rocket.
Yeah, with tax. Made out to the store.
I'm not gonna lie to you here. I used to be a mall cop.
That fake-cheque trick works every fucking time.
Basically, you figure out how much something costs, just fill in one of the old man's cheques like this.
That way if you get caught, just say your buddy was gonna pay Mall cops are really dumb compared to real cops.
And worst-case Ontario, you get caught, you cancel the cheque.
You never have to pay. It's awesome.
Alright, listen, I guess we got mixed up there.
I'm sorry about that, boys. You're free to go.
You know, I apologize.
Well, nice to meet you.
Alright. Take care.
Actually, you guys are gonna stay here.
No. Dude, man, do something.
You shouldn't have tried to fucking rip me off.
You guys fucked up big-time. Listen, trust me, you fucked up.
Thanks, Julian.
Sit down, guys.
Alright, I'm gonna have to get some names here.
Uh, I'm Corey Lahey.
Um, Trevor Lahey.
Are those your real names, boys?
Are they really?
No. I'm Trevor and he's Corey. We were lying. deep male voice
And deeper...
Every nerve... every muscle is relaxing now From the bottom of your feet to the top of your head.
How do you feel, Mr. Lahey I feel great, Randy.
I'm really impressed.
The tape really does work!
I don't feel like drinking at all!
Randy... what do you say, boy, we go outside and make Sunnyvale a nice place to live again What do you think?
Sounds real good.
I'm rolling a fucking huge joint for this rocket launch It's gonna be awesome.
I can't wait to fucking get that thing going.
Get out of the way, idiots What's he smiling about?
Rick, grab me a couple of glasses, bud?
Bubbles, you got any glasses?
Probably, Ricky, in the shed Get that thing all ready to go, buddy.
Holy fuck!
What's it say, Ricky?
It's basically how we put it together, I guess.
Be careful and stuff.
Jesus, look at that!
What's this?
Holy fuck, a spacesuit.
Ah! DE-CENT!
No way! fucking decnals, man ! Check those out!
Boys, drink.
Well, let's make a toast, boys.
To a good fucking time today This is a good time.
I'm gonna go put my spacesuit on, boys.
And then let's get this dirty cocksucker in the air!
Boys? Check her out!
Ah, man, that is fucking cool.
Nice decnals.
I know.
Look at my spacesuit, too.
Can I put it on the launch pad there, Commander?
Bubbles, are you sure we gotta play Space here? This is kind of silly.
C'mon, Ricky! Look at this ! This is awesome!
Mission control, this is Commander Bubbles.
I'm getting an MPS warning light on the link-monitor control subsystem.
I'm requesting reallocation of main arm fire, through CDS at Level 6. Please advise.
Copy that, Commander.
Reallocating there, Commander Bubbles.
Try some, Ricky.
Breaker, Breaker, come in. This is Rocket Ship 27. Aliens fucked over the carbunator in engine four and I'm trying to refuckulate it and land on Juniper.
Hopefully you got some space weed. Over.
How's that, buddy? I don't fucking know.
Ricky, that's not very good. Use space words.
Real ones. Not talking about space weed These, uh, power rockets are firing all over the place.
They got lasers, they're shooting and, uh..
Bubbles, I can't fucking do this.
My brain doesn't work with space talk.
I hate playing Space.
Julian, make him do it right Let me do the talking, Mr. Lahey.
Alright, Randy.
Hey, boys. We got a complaint that someone's been getting high and drunk, playing Space in the middle of the street.
Yeah, us. I'm fucking stoned right now You got a problem with that?
Listen, we don't wanna cause any shit here, boys.
As a matter of fact, I've been thinking about shit a lot less these days.
Seeing as how I stepped in so much over the last few years.
I'm sick of shit, boys. Sick of shit.
Is that right?
And I just wanna reiterate that I quit drinking permanently.
It's all part of my plan to get along better with everyone in the park. Including you, Rick.
Booze free for weeks, boys. It feels great.
Ah, you quit drinking, have you, Jimmy?
He comes down here today and, uh... doing the old "I'm innocent" thing, "I'm a changed man" kind of thing and, uh, he came down here for one reason and that was to ruin the day for the boys.
Do you guys wanna stay and watch?
You wanna see a rocket go, Randy?
Does it really launch?
Does it really launch?
Does the Tin Man have a sheet-metal cock?
Look at this thing! Goes up about 2,000 feet, nose cone blows off, chute comes out.
It's fucking awesome!
Remember when you helped daddy steal a car battery?
It's kinda like the same thing. Just put this thing on here, this one on there.
Jeez, I'm thirsty.
Can I have a drink of water from your bottle there, Jimmy?
Leave Mr. Lahey alone, Ray. Get your own water.
No, I want some of Jimmy's water.
That's the kind that gets you fucking drunk, isn't that right, Jimmy?
He walks around the park, he's got the bottle of water Everybody thinks it's water, but it's vodka.
Oldest trick in the book. I think he learned that from me.
I was doing that when I was, you know, 20, 30 years ago Trying to hide it from Tammy.
Can you guys argue about who's drunk and who's not away from my daughter? Please.
Ray. Ray, you're nothing but a drunk faking a disability, 'cause you got nothing better to do than to bother decent people, 'cause your own life's a big pile of burning shit Is that right? Randy, why not ask Jim where he's been the past few nights between 3 and 5 and 9 to 11:15
Go ahead, ask him where he goes.
He's playing bridge down at the hospital, Ray., Bridge, my arse. He's going to the strip club getting drunk every night telling everybody he's off the booze. You know why, Randy?
Jim Lahey's a fucking drunk and he always will be.
Okay, boys, here we go.
Blast shields down. The engine is a go!
Give me a drink.
Randy, let it go, Randy.
It's vodka 131-proof, straight up.
I'm fucking wasted.
Jesus! fuck, did you see that, Ricky?
Bubs, that was amazing!
My God.
Randy, where are you going Downtown for a cheeseburger, Mr. Lahey.
Congratulations Julian. You were right all the time.
I was drunk in the mental hospital and I've been drunk ever since This can either end one of two ways, boys.
Either you, you and you, who are all drunk, are going to jail, or I am going back to the mental hospital. P.S. I'm not going back there.
There it is! There's the rocket!
You just opened Pandora's shit box, Ray. fuck, Lahey! Omigod!
What are you doing?!
Oh, fuck!
It's crushed!
Hey, Randy. Listen, I really did give up liquor.
No, you didn't, Mr. Lahey.
Why wouldn't you just tell me? shit snares, Randy. shit snares.
All this time, trying to stop the boys from breaking the law when I should've been encouraging it.
The liquor makes me see it clearly, Randy.
Julian's the leader. All he needs to do is be pointed in a direction, he'll go there.
He'll go right into my shit snare, Randy.
Listen, liquor makes me see it clear, Rand, and I didn't want you to blow my cover.
I'm sorry if I let you down.
You didn't let me down, Mr. Lahey.
Is this some kind of test?
I hate those guys, Mr. Lahey. Let's fucking get 'em. Here.
How's it going, Ray?
Hey, Bubbles. How you doing, buddy?
Listen, you don't have any liquor on you, do you, buddy Oh, I did have a bit of Christmas liquor, but somebody took it.
Julian took your liquor?
You don't have any food in there, do you, Ray?
Anything at all?
You know, Bubbles, I got..
Don't tell anybody, but I got a few cans of ravioli here fuck, I need some ravioli. Hurry.
Ricky! Rick!
Rick, where the fuck's my ravioli?
Ricky. Ricky.
My ravioli.
I had nine cans of ravioli in the cupboard and it's all gone. What did you do with it?
I dunno, Dad.
I had one can. I think.
Well, where are the other eight? fucking Julian took my ravioli and your liquor, Bubbles?
Rick, is the coast clear there, buddy?
Yeah, it's clear, Dad.
Clear, Ray. fucking Julian!
No, no, no, no, Ray, Ray, Ray, what are you doing?
Ray, give me my drink back !
Julian, no!
You took all of my ravioli !
What are you talking about?
You ate all his ravioli!
This is my fucking drink !
Once you fuck with my dad, I'm in the fight.
That's just the way it is. Family shit.
So I jumped in and hell broke loose.
Boys, there's something wrong with this thing.
Are you alright?
Julian, if I don't get a fucking drop of liquor in me, I'm gonna fucking snap!
You just had a bunch of drinks there, Ray.
What's this about anyway Break it up.
I ate the ravioli, okay?
I got stoned last night. I was fucked up 'cause Lucy's been ignoring me and shit.
I didn't think I ate nine cans, but maybe.
I mean, nobody wants to admit they ate nine cans of ravioli, but I did. I'm ashamed of myself, , but the first doesn't count. Then you get to the second then the third. And the fourth and fifth, I think I burned with a blowtorch.
And then I just kept eating.
I'm sorry.
I gotta get my trailer back.
I can't fucking live with you guys anymore.
Thanks, Ray.
Hey, who gave you a drink of liquor the other day?!
The guy in the chair!
A bunch of fucking drinks!
(screaming) You spilled half of it!
Well, isn't there a book or something you can read that'll figure this out? fuck off, Ricky.
What are you doing, Mr. Lahey? shit moths, Randy. shit moths? shit moths.
They started off as tiny, little shit larvae, Randy, and then they grew into shitapillers.
A pandemic of shitapillars Everywhere you look, Randy, shitapillars.
They almost drove me over the goddamn edge, boy.
I tried to exterminate them, I tried to put an end to the shitapillars life cycle, but I failed.
And now... shit moths, Randy.
Every fucking one of them, a shit moth.
Are you okay, Mr. Lahey?
A hundred percent, Rand.
Jim Lahey is back.
It's time for drinking, bud. I've got a little errand for you to run. You up for it?
I want you to take this over to Ray's trailer.
It's an eviction notice.
Not the strongest drink I've ever had, Julian.
Best I can do, Ray.
Do you have the tunes loud enough, boys? fuck, Julian, you starving for liquor?
Julian, you can go on draining them empty liquor bottles, or you can help yourself to one of these full ma-fuckers.
I want nothing to do with your greasy old cheesy porn, J-Roc.
Yeah, J-Roc, fuck off.
A'ight, we'll find some other ma-fuckers who're down with food and liquor. And hos.
I really don't wanna be in another one of J-Roc's grease films, even though I have been in a couple of them so far But I'm really hungry.
What kind of food do you have, J-Roc?
Not much, Bubbles.
Some peanut-butter ma-fuckers and Pop Tarts, frosted brown sugar. Got some of those.
Garlic fingers.
Got liquor there, J-Roc?
All kinds of liquor, Ray.
You gonna get us free liquor Well, it ain't free.
You gotta be in the DVD.
That's right. J-Roc's Greasy Trailer Park Girls Gone Wild Everybody in the park knows we shooting this DVD, dawg J-Roc's Greasy Trailer Park Girls Gone Wild That's right. We gonna have all kinds of bonus feature My video from Microphone Assassin, my video from my new joint. Trailer-park life., I ain't doing any greasy shit, man. I'll do something for you you got free liquor, I'll do it.
Dad, what are you thinking C'mon, Rick.
You're not gonna be in his stupid video?
Yeah, yeah, c'mon.
He's got free liquor.
Ricky, Pop Tarts!
Let's go get drunk.
Pop Tarts and chicken fingers.
It's clear, Ray. It's clear.
You wanna be up in the DVD ? Spend some time with Lucy?
She's my feature performer, dawg.
Okay, let me put it to you this way. Couple of years ago, I wouldn't have done it, but now I've got these cans, I figure I may as well show off, you know?
Yeah, that's cool. I can understand that.
But this video is gonna be around for-friggin'- ever.
Let's clean up this driveway, Rick.
It looks like shit.
Can't Corey and Trevor fucking clean it up?
Nope, gave them the day off.
You gave Corey and Trevor the day off?
Your little precious Corey and Trevor, "Ooh, I'll give them the day off.
I won't give me a day off. "I work fucking 80 hours a week So do I. We're like supervisors, though What the fuck do you want, Randy?!
Boys, I don't want any trouble with you.
I'm here to see Ray to give him some documents Well, he's not here, alright? So fuck off.
Well, where is he?
Do you see him?
He's not here, went to fuck Off Island, where you should be.
Get out of here.
Gotta give him these documents Ricky.
Give them to me.
No, I can't give them to you.
Yes, you can.
I can't. They're eviction papers.
He's got to get out of here. This place is all burned, looks like shit. Look, the couch is burnt, trailer's burnt, driveway looks like crap.
You're fucking burnt, Randy! We should fucking evict you!
Frig off. Get the fuck outta here!
Get the fuck out of here and leave the driveway and us alone.
And my dad.
Leave Mr. Lahey out of this, Mr. Friggin dick!
Oh, Mr. Drunk Guy, back in his trailer, fucking probably loaded, passed out? Yeah, I'll leave him alone Ricky, I'm gonna take my pants off and kick your ass I've wanted to since you got out of jail.
You mention one more thing about Lahey, that's gonna happen, bud.
One more?
He's drunk, crazy, fucking lunatic. I hate him. fuck him and fuck you.
Julian, I didn't want this to happen I told ya, I didn't want any trouble -
Randy. Stand down and get out of here.
Why you gotta take your pants off to fight me They're a little tight, Rick, and I wanna kick your ass.
Well fucking get them off, then, let's go.
Ricky! Don't touch my pants!
Boys, boys, boys, boys, boys Ricky! They're mine!
That's enough!
They're my friggin' pants.
If I wanna take my pants off, I'll take em off!
Let's get it on, Randy.
Listen to me.
Ray's over there at J-Roc's! So get away from us! Alright Get! Hey, hey, that's enough. Come on, move along. Let's go.
Gimme that back!
You're fucking lucky you can't talk into that right now, I'll tell you that.
Ow. You guys are jerks. I'm going over there right now fuck you, Randy.
Oh, yeah, one more thing I'm telling Mr. Lahey everything about this!, No, no, listen. Stop decorating my trailer it looks like shit. I'm buying it back soon.
Frig you, Rick!
It was awful, Mr. Lahey. Ricky's being refractory again What happened, Randy?
Oh, he tried to fight me Ripped my pants off.
Did you serve Ray the eviction notice?
I didn't get a chance to Mr. Lahey. He's over at J-Roc's.
Birds of a shit feather flock together, Randy.
But I got a feeling Ray is gonna be the first to fall.
Coup de grace, boy.
When they're gone, we can rent their lots out to nice, respectable people, right, Mr. Lahey?
That's absolutely right, Randy.
I can almost feel this going down right now, boy.
I've known Ray for close to 30 years.
I knew him when he drove a rig He was a loser then, he's a loser now.
But I live by one golden rule.
You don't cross my shit line, I don't cross your shit line But when he told everybody that I was drinking again, he crossed the goddamn shit line.
I'm shooting a DVD today, up in this piece.
Ray, this is gonna be greasy. Should we be doing this?
Don't worry, Bubbles, nobody's ever gonna see this What's up, Bubs? You ready to get drunk and dirty, ma-fucker Well, I'll get dirty, J-Roc, if you need me to, but let's get the food going.
J-Roc, how about some liquor for the guy in the chair here? Free liquor, is what you said.
A'ight, Ray, I promised.
Trevor, let's get some drinks for Ray.
The man in the chair gets some drizinks up in his piece.
Trevor, give me the bottle, buddy. Thanks.
You said food too, though. What about those garlic fingers?
Man, you'll get food as soon as we shoot the DVD, Bubbles Just calm down and relax.
Can't we have it now, though Something?
No, you B. I can't have ma-fuckers in my video eating hot dogs and chicken fingers and shit. Ray!
Come on, Ray.
Come on, now!
That ain't right, man.
You spilled it all over me Well, then suck it out your shirt, you B!
I said you could have a couple of drinks, not a whole bottle.
There's a couple of drinks on my shirt there, man.
Keep the bottle, but that's all you get for the day You got to pizace yourself We're keeping it real, that's why we have real ma-fuckers.
So when ma-fuckers buy it, watching in the hotel, they see themselves represented, right?
That wardrobe is whack.
That shit is whack.
You need a new getup, man.
We ain't doing Truckers Gone Wild.
J-Roc, you said real, man.
You wanted it real. This is what I am. This is real.
It's too real, man. You got some other shit you can put on Lucy, I need to talk to you.
She's not gonna really be in J-Roc's little grease film, is she?
It's none of your business I need to talk to her.
I don't want you inside, okay?
Sarah, I've been fucking fighting people all day and I don't want to, but I will fight you if I have.
I gotta talk to her.
I'll fight you if I have to.
What the fuck should I let you inside for?
Fine, let's fight, then. Is that what you want?
I just wanna talk to her for two minutes and try to convince her not to be in a porno film.
That's the mother of my child.
Okay, you got two minutes.
Thank you, Sarah.
Lucy, I heard you're gonna be in one of J Roc's films, or some shit. Is that true? Please tell me it's not.
What's the big difference?
You did the same thing a couple years ago when you were in J-Roc's porno-movie thing.
Nobody saw that and I didn't really do anything.
I didn't get it on with anyone.
Oh, right, you got a little problem in that area.
Very funny, Sarah.
I forgot about that.m Lucy, I don't want the mother of my child in some porn fil that's gonna be in grocery stores and convenience stores.
People are gonna take it hom and you're gonna be on their TV.
I don't want that.
What the fuck is your problem? You got nothing to do with it.
I thought we were kinda getting back together here You know what?
I don't have time to talk with you about this.
'Cause I'm fucking late, but you're welcome to come watch See you later. Good job talking her out of it T, you rolling, man?
Yeah, man, we're good to go.
Alright, B, just need to get some smoke up in this ma.
Ray, this is the tightest thing you ever seen in your life So you're gonna dance for that ma-fucker in the chair.
And at a certain point, you're gonna put your hand on your head when you're dancing and, Ray, we gonna get you up out of the chair.
It's gonna be tight.
I should probably just sit here and drink.
No, the dancers have the power to heal.
That's the whole point of the DVD, right?
Look at that, Mr. Lahey.
Well, I'll be.
Little Jamie's got a smoke machine.
I'm gonna go give this to Ray.
Not so fast, Deputy.
What do you mean? We gotta give these to Ray I know he's in there, Mr. Lahey.
Randy, sometimes it's a lot better to watch a shit tree grow than to try to kick the shit fruit out of it.
Now stand up, Ray.
You said -
Stand up, then take a drink, boy.
It's free liquor. That's right. Now you gotta dance.
Know what I'm saying? Dance...
Cut. Bubbles, you know what I'm saying?
I need you to get greasy, B. Get them shits off then, if you need to, but I need to see some ass life.
J-Roc's making his little grease film here and he thought it's appropriate for me to just start slapping that lady on her bum.
But I'm not comfortable doing that, to tell you the truth.
I mean, I don't even know her. I can't just walk up and start slapping her badonkadonk.
J- Roc's previous works that I was in, I mean, I was playing a different character., Corporal Lexie I played in From Russia With LoveBone and I played a lumberjack in The Bare Pimp Project, but now I'm just being myself. I mean, I don't wanna be known as the guy that just walks up and slaps badonkadonks.
Hey, you down with feet? Me too, beat.
Know what I'm saying? There's all kind of feet up in J-Roc's Trailer Park Girls Gone Wild All kinds of girls, too. Wild girls like this girl here She my girl from way back, right?
And this girl over here, we used to be real tight.
Now we're a'ight, but we still roll together You could roll with shorties like this too, if you buy J-Roc's Trailer Park Girls Gone Wild A'ight, T? Grab the camera, B. You rollin'?
Yeah, we're good to go.
Bubbles, this here is the big scene, It's the Bubble scene before the bubble bath, B.
So you gotta spin some bubbles up in that ma-fucker, and you ladies is drinking, right? You wild, right?
You drinking, you dancing all up on Bubbles.
You can't stand how wild them bubbles is.
A'ight, Bubbles? Introduce yourself, blow some bubbles Then some hot dogs, right?
Yeah, that's right. We got all kinds of food for you.
But this scene's real important. We gotta get it first.
A'ight. Action.
Alright, this is Bubbles in J Roc's Trailer Park Girls Gone Wild Keeping it real. Keeping bubbles coming.
Man! Cut! Ray!
Truck-drivin', passed-out, Phantom 309 mothafucker!, There's nothing wrong with a guy having a few drinks mingling with the people and shit.
But the guy had a whole fucking quart to himself, , he got smashed, he's fucked up out of his mind wheeling through shots backward, fucking everything up, man He doesn't even know how much we spent on all this equipment to get the shit rolling right.
It ain't right, it ain't tight.
Holy frig, Mr. Lahey. Look! We hit the jackpot!
Bingo. Mr. Stupid didn't even hide the evidence, Randy.
Get your shit basket out, we're about to start harvesting.
Time to call in the heavies.
Oh, Mr. Lahey -
I'd like to speak to the Parcel Pick Up manager, please Yeah, Jim Lahey here, Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Man, what the fuck are you guys doing over there?
We're just looking for our kitty.
You guys are over here snooping around, man!
Excuse me. We're just checking things out here.
Hey, Lahey, get the fuck out of here, man.
Listen, Tyler, you don't have to get mouthy Oh, now you calling me Tyler. It's not Tyler, it's T.
I beg your pardon, Mr. T . We're just checking things out Oh, now you got jokes, right? Now you got jokes.
Listen, I'm out of your face, alright?
Get outta here, man, get the fuck outta here, man You too, get out of here.
We weren't doing anything.
There's no cheeseburgers back there.
Hey, hey. Keep your hands off him, you understand me Well, you guys get off this property, then.
This is not your property. Out here snooping around.
We're leaving.
There's no cheeseburgers or there's no liquor, so get the fuck out of here.
Lucy, why are you doing this to me If it's about the money, fuck it.
I'll pay you twice as much not to be in the goddamn thing Ricky, you don't have any fucking money, remember?
Ricky, who gives a shit. It doesn't matter.
I'm not gonna be taking off most of my clothes and no one ever sees the shit that J-Roc makes anyway.
J-Roc, what the fuck is going on here?!
I'm trying to shoot my DVD, Ricky. My performer's late Hey, man, sorry we're late. It's not our fault.
You got the money?
I already shot the shit that you were supposed to do Oh, fuck J-Roc., You can do some of the freakier shit, though if you want to, girl.
Like what kind of freaky shit?
Come on inside, we'll talk about it some.
I'm not gonna be in your fucking video.
Lucy, please don't do this.
Oh, Ricky, gimme a break How the fuck did my dad get so drunk?
He drank a quart, Ricky.
Dad, are you alright?
I love you buddy.
Holy fuck.
Lucy! I don't want you being with other people, alright I thought we were kinda together again right now and..
I dunno, this is fucked up I don't want you to be in a porn flick.
My fuck, its the 5-0 up in his piece, T!
Don't worry, buddy, we're gonna be a'ight, Lahey's there too, T.
Oh, fuck, it's a fucking LB too.
That's the fucking law bitch from the grocery store, man!
Who are you pointing at, skeleton?
Okay, folks, this little party's over.
Let's go.
Corey and Trevor violated a peace bond with Ricky, right Do you have an explanation for all those grocery bins Them bins that Corey and Trevor brought here with the candy?
Them ma-fuckers with the erections? I dunno.
Well, it doesn't much matter, you're coming with us anyway Jamie, let's go.
What for?
As a witness or some shit, for Corey and Trevor?
You're under arrest. Let's go.
I didn't do nothing, man ! (shouting)
Let's go, Jamie.
What for?!
We didn't do nothing, man.
Come on!
I gotta grab my smoke machine.
Great, it's evidence.
No, it's a fire hazard if I leave this shit going Look, easy or the hard way, which way do you wanna go?
I ain't going nowhere!
You're going with me!
Tell me what I'm arrested for man.
Ain't you gonna tell me what I'm being arrested for?
This is bull-ish!
Put him inside!
She's touching me in a sexual way!
You're fucked and always will be. fucked This is just the beginning, Richard.
You're losing it; you better stay the fuck away from me That's enough, Ricky. Take your father home before I arrest him for public intoxication.
I'm trying to. This is bullshit.
Ricky, you keep pushing it and I'm gonna push back hard You don't want me to push you.
Just a second. Jesus Christ.
Why do you guys still have erections?!
The cops are here! Why do you have erections?
I told you guys to take care of that!
Point them up, I told them (shouting)
Any ma-fucker wanna tell me why it is I'm being arrested with my candy?
I can't even breathe up in this piece!
Open the door, ma-fucker.
He's a jackass.
You know what?
You were so right, fucking, again.
I'm the fuck out, man.
J- Roc's Trailer Park Girls Gone Wild Keep it real, dawg.
Boys, boys, boys, we gotta be really careful now, okay?
Ricky, are you listening to me?
If we let our guard down for one second, that fucking crazy lunatic's gonna be all over us.
Ricky, he's all fuckin' tangled up in it.
His foot's caught in the goddamn lawn chair.
Hey! Randy, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
(laughing) Hoo-hoo-hoo!
What is it, Mr. Lahey? fuck with me, will you, Ray?
Ray is going to jail, Randy!
If we call the cops, they won't come here.
We don't have to call the cops, Randy.
Who pays Ray's disability?
Worker's Comp.
What happens if we call Worker's Comp, Randy?
They'llcall the cops.
Randy... we might be polishing off two bottles of rye tonight, boy.
I'm sorry.
Oh, fuck, Dad.
Sorry I let him get so drunk, Ricky, but I was distracted with the boobs and the dancing Boys, boys, boys, boys.
Cops, cops.
What the fuck - (brakes squealing)
Is going on now?
What the hell are you guys doing here this time?
Rick, your dad's being charged with disability fraud, all the way back to 1989.
What are you talking about He's in a chair. How the fuck is that a frog?
Everyone knows that Ray doesn't need the chair.
What are you doing?!
Look at that. It's a miracle Dad, your legs must be fucking killing you, aren't they?
Ah! Ahhh!
Get back in your chair, buddy.
See, he can't walk. He needs his fucking chair What a fucking prick job that was, buddy!
Ah, fuck.
Liquor, Ray?
Drunk, lying around on the couch? fuck off.
He had a couple drinks at a party. There's nothing wrong with that.
Don't make me have to pick you up and put you in the cruiser.
Well, how'm I gonna get there? 'Cause I can't fucking walk!
What the fuck do you need these for?
Gonna make balloon animals later, Ricky.
No way.
Jim, give me a hand? Officers.
You guys aren't serious?
You're not taking my dad away! fuck that!
You've just declared war, Lahey. Yeah.
Oh, yeah? You're gonna wage war from a jail cell, Ray?
I'm real scared. Ray, you're gonna do time.
Yeah. But don't worry, Ray Your stupid son Ricky will be joining you real soon.
Speaking of stupid - and we were, Ray - your son Ricky is really stupid.
What the fuck is that supposed to mean, Lahey?
Ipso facto, Ricky.
Ipso fuckoffo. Dad?
We'll see you soon, Rick What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
You tell me. What's it supposed to mean You guys are going to jail, 'cause we're suing you. fucking with paralis guy in a fucking chair.
He's got fucking paralisis I said it before and I'll say it again.
When you plant shit seeds, you get... shit weeds! shit weeds. Right, Randy You know, it's not illegal to be disabled, but it is illegal to pretend to be disabled and to get money for doing it.
Yeah, it's like those people that park in the handicapped Parking spaces.
We don't do that anymore, do we?
What's going on here, Mr. Lahey?
Putting it on the market, bud.
I thought we were trying to sell it to Julian?
Listen, at the price I'm asking, no one in their right mind's gonna buy it.
Julian is never gonna let his grandmother's trailer be sold on the open market. We keep raising the price, Julian's gonna have to raise more money to buy it.
And the only way Julian can raise money is breaking the law, Randy Breaking it. The law, Randy. Breaking the law.
Then we'll catch him in a shit snare. Right, Mr. Lahey (rattling)
How's the carts going there, Bubs?
They're all fucking mangly, Julian.
Hey, Ricky.
How's it going, Rick?
I'll tell you.
I just saw the old man in jail and he's fucking losing it Let's start selling hash. Gotta bail him out.
It'll be about five grand, so I'll sell at old-folks homes, fucking dental colleges, go door to door, churches, whatever it takes.
Listen, listen, stop cutting the hash, okay?
We're not gonna sell it this way, Ricky.
I gotta get him out of fucking jail!
Boys, boys! Boys!
Here comes Lahey.
Hide it! fucking Lahey.
'Morning, gentlemen. Beautiful day.
Julian, I put a For Sale sign up on the old homestead.
It's on the market, bud. fuck, you're not gonna do this to me, Lahey.
Listen, I'm gonna have the money real soon.
You wanna fuck with the old man? You fucking wait, Lahey You got yours fucking coming, I'll tell you that.
Here's a little memento to remember him by.
While he's rotting in his stinky little jail cell Cheers, boys.
All this money sitting here and I can't sell a little bit to get the old man out of jail? That's fucked, Julian.
Rick, Rick, Rick. We're gonna sell it, okay?
We just need a perfect plan.
What's wrong with going door to door? Lots of people smoke dope.
They're gonna buy it.
It's careless, okay?
We start ripping this stuff and going door to door, you're gonna get caught.
And Lahey's gonna be the one to catch us.
Don't even fucking mention Lahey's name right now, alright?
It's his fucking fault I'm in this situation. sonofabitch, prick, idiot, drunk fuck!
Where do you wanna sell it Where'd you sell the most dope ever in your whole life, Ricky Where'd you make the most money?
One of the best thing about school, from my perspective, is everybody smokes dope. So you can sell a lot of dope.
I mean, everybody smokes - students, teachers, guidance counsellors, people that work in the library, the guys that polish floors, janitors, the cafeteria workers.
So I'm gonna go back to school, sell some dope and, uh, do a bit of book learning at the same time. Can't fucking wait.
Dartmouth Regional Vocational School?
Julian, are you fucked in the head?
I thought we were going to fucking high school.
I can't go to fucking vocational school Rick, you're not selling hash in high school, alright?
You're old enough to be a teacher in high school, Ricks Think.
Yeah, but the learning thing that you get at fucking spoken out and trying to get up in there and then you gotta... fuck Rick, Rick, Rick.
I can't do this, man.
My brain doesn't work this way. It's not college level.
This is the perfect place to sell hash.
We are not gonna get caught. Everything'll be fine.
Come on.
You'll do alright, Ricky Think about your daughter. Think about Lucy.
They're gonna be impressed with you.
They're gonna be so fucking proud of you, man Come on, let's go.
Julian, this brain barely got through fucking Grade 7.
Well, Julian's been all paranoid lately, with fucking Lahey and all these books he's reading, for fucksakes.e He says it's too risky for me to have a bunch of hash onm around schools that do these random searches,f so he used this big-smart-thinking stufn to come up with this new pla where I just take orders for hash in the daytime, get people's locker number and combinations, then at night, we break in to the school, if there's money in the lockers, we just drop the hash off there. Use the honourly system.
And hopefully it's gonna work out good.
They're not gonna let me in here. If they do, there's not a fucking chance I'm gonna get a greeting card.
Think about it, I'm stupid.
Rick, listen to me.
Don't let school shit distract you.
You're here for one reason and that's to sell drugs.
Stay focused, man.
There's two ways to look at it, really.
Either you go to school to learn, or you go to school to sell drugs, and Ricky's here to sell drugs I mean, maybe if it was under different circumstances, he could learn something, but Julian wants him just to sell drugs.
It's kind of ironic, really.
Think about selling drugs. fuck school, alright?
Good luck, man.
Ricky, you can't smoke in here.
You can't smoke!
Julian, you think they're gonna let him in here?
I fuckin' hope so, man.
Look, I just wanna basically come to your school and do some book learning, okay?
I've only got my Grade 10, which I don't think is a big deal., Some people might. My dad just got thrown in jail so I need to get some shit going here, with a job and stuff so basically, you know...
A lot of people might say I'm stupid. I dunno.
I don't think I am. I'm probably smarter than that I mean, this thing here is smarter than me, I guess, but it has a battery. But if I can get enough good brain thinking going at your school, , maybe I can get a job, which I need, get my dad out of jail buy shit for my daughter. That's what I'm thinking here.
Well, sorry, school's already started, so there's nothing I can do there.
Ah, fuck, are you serious?
But we are interviewing custodians, if you're looking for work.
What? Interviewing what?
Janitors? I'm not...
I'm not qualified to do that. Weren't you listening?
I've only got my Grade 10.
Well, you don't need a Grade 10, but you have to go through the interview process.
Really? Well... how about we skip the interview process and I give you a little bit of this stuff to basically say that I've got the job and give me one of those jackets right over there.
I want Ricky on the sleeve and Grade 10 on the other sleeve, Well, basically, I couldn't get into school 'cause school already started, which is bullshit, so I made a little deal with this guyg and got a job as a janitor, so now I'm kind of pretendin to go to school here and as far as everybody knows, I do go to school here. I got a fucking jacket.
I'm gonna tell Lucy, everybody, that I am going to school.
What's the big deal? It's not that big of a lie Ray! Ray!
How's Ricky doing?
He's doing great, man.
He got into vocational school.
Dartmouth Vocational School?
Dartmouth Regional.
No shit! Oh, fuck, that's fantastic! Right on Listen, Ray, I got some bad news, bud.
It's a bit of a cash-flow problem right now and, uh... you're gonna have to stay in jail a little longer.
How much longer, man?
Not that long, just like a month, six weeks. I'm working on it, though.
Oh, fuck, man, no. No.
Ray, I'm working on it.
It might be three weeks.
Come on, man.
Listen, all you gotta do is keep a low profile, okay?
And I'm gonna work on getting you out.
Low profile, Julian? What, are you reading books again?
What's wrong with reading books?
Nothing, but there's only one book that counts, Julian It's the bible. It says to help your friends Does it say anything about you ripping off insurance companies, pretending you're in a wheelchair, and then getting caught, drunk dancing with hos, making porn flics? Huh?
Anything in your book about that, Ray?
It's open to interpretation, Julian. It's the bible.
C'mon, Ray, just hang on, alright? Hang in there.
I gotta go, man. I gotta go.
Listen, tell Ricky I love him, okay, man?
Are we gonna leave Ray in there?
Bubs, I need to get my grandmother's old trailer back He's stupid enough to get caught, he can do another month. Whoop-dee fuck.
What about Cyrus, though? I mean... if he gets him?
Bubs, Bubs, Bubs, they're gonna be in there for three of four years. fuck those guys, alright?
I'm more concerned about fucking Lahey.
He's not in jail.
Yeah, and he's drunker and fucking crazier than ever.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Was that a double or a triple, Mr. Lahey?
That'll be fine, Randy. You know, boy, it's never been clearer to me in my life.
Julian is a criminal, and to take a criminal down, you gotta think like a criminal.
Intimidation is the key, Randy An individual who is intimidated fucks up.
D'you fix that yet?
The muffler's on back order, Mr. Lahey.
You know, Randy, when those assholes are back in prison, I won't have to drink anymore.
Now word's around school that I'm selling hash.
Everybody is coming up to me buying hash.
This whole school smokes fucking hash.
Ricky's doing awesome. I have never seen him doing better.
You know, he got his Grade 10
Awesome - and now he's going forward he's going to community college, he's making -
You are so in love with him.
It's not that big a deal.
It's not that big a deal No.
Do you know anyone who's gone to community college? Name one person.
I can name one person who goes to jail every year.
Yeah, I'll talk to my partner. It shouldn't be a problem.
I think it's important that me and Trinity spend a lot more time together I mean, who taught Trinity how to drive? Not Lucy. Me And I can teach Trinity a lot of things.
That's what fathers are supposed to be doing.
I dunno. Lucy's been trying to be in porno movies and every goddamn thing, which I didn't agree with and I'm glad she didn't do it.
So I dunno. Whatever it takes. I just wanna get back with them.
Are you Ricky?
Yeah, you need some hash Yeah.
How much do you need?
Five grams.
That'll be 40 bucks. Just leave it in your locker Okay.
It'll be there in the morning.
What's your locker number?
Nine, 23, 60.
Thank you.
So I mean, I'm gonna suggest to Lucy that maybe we get back together and I'd like to get a trailer once we sell all this dope Maybe we can move in together, I dunno.
I think it'd be great for al I of us to be a family again I'm a good cook. Teach Trinity how to cook.
Teach her about some small-engine repair and stuff.
Sorry Mr. Olsen. You throwing these shelves out Cool. I'm just gonna grab those, if you don't mind. Thanks.
Sorry, I just had a stressful fucking day, and this stupid thing here. Why is this even here?
Anyway, I'm leaving. Sorry about that.
Look, Mr. Lahey!
Down, Randy, down!
It's Ricky!
What's he doing?
He's throwing out the garbage, Mr. Lahey.
Camera, Randy. Come on. Let's go, let's go, let's go Wait, wait, wait. Whoa.
Who takes out the garbage, Randy?
I don't know, Mr. Lahey.
The janitor, Randy. He's the goddamn janitor!
Look, Mr. Lahey. We got him.
He's taking off the coveralls.
What the fuck's he up to, Randy?
I don't know.
Now what's he doing?
It's a school jacket, Mr. Lahey.
A school jacket?
You ever see a janitor wear a fucking school jacket before No.
Holy fuck that smells good. That should be plenty, man That's over twelve pounds. What do you think?
Perfect, buddy. Good job. You coming or what, Bubs?
No, Julian, I'm not.
I don't wanna fucking break into the school.
I just wanna relax tonight. Work on these fucking things Alright, we'll see you in a couple of hours, buddy.
Boys, boys, boys, boys. Lahey's watching us.
Don't look back. Don't look back.
Bubs, go distract him.
Distract him. Get him out of here.
Hi there, Mr. Lahey. How you doing?
Just having some drinks, are you?
Supervising the park, Bubs. That's what I do.
Everything's fine down here.
Maybe you could supervise down that end of the park.
Not a problem, Bubs.
I have to phone the real-estate agent!
I just remembered! Thanks for reminding me!
Lot of interest, Julian, even at 12-5!
Don't fuck with me, Jim.
On second thought, Julian, maybe I will come with you Not hang around here with that drunk bastard.
What'd you call me, Bubbles?
Get the fuck out of here, Lahey!
You know what a shit barometer is, Bub?
Measures the shit pressure in the air. You can feel it.
Listen, Bubs. Hear that?
Sounds of the whispering winds of shit.
What the fuck are you going on about?
Can you hear it?
No, I don't hear anything.
Oh, but you will, my sorry little friend, when the shit barometer rises, and you'll feel it too.
Your ears will implode from the shit pressure.
You were warned, Bubs. But you picked the wrong side.
Beware, my friend. shit winds are a-coming.
Alright, boys, looking good, looking good, looking good Okay, Bubs, you wait here.
We're gonna be in and out in 10 minutes, alright?
Make sure everything is cool out here. fuck that, Julian. I'm not waiting out here by myself I don't like it out here.
Well, come in with us.
Give me a hand, then, come on.
Well, trafficking narcotics in a government building, that's fucking great.
Did anybody think to bring a flashlight?
Bubbles did.
Where the fuck d'you get the keys?
I found them, man.
How'd you know which key to use?
I didn't.
But you went right through, first try.
Well, that's what I'm saying Holy shit, look at all the books! fuck off with the books, Julian, I'm serious.
I wanna get the fuck outta here. I'm scared in here What are you scared of, Bubs? (strange noise)
Boys, listen. (blowing sound)
Those are the shit winds Lahey was talking about.
There's no fucking shit winds or winds of shit, Bubs.
Don't worry about that.
Well, they're some kind of fucking wind.
Don't listen to Lahey!
He's drunk and he's fucking insane, man Here's the deal. Ricky, you take care of downstairs.
We're gonna take care of the lockers upstairs.
Meet me back at the car in 10 minutes.
Don't fuck around.
I gotta take a piss first.
Piss later, alright? Later !
Fine, I'm taking this.
Focus on the hash. Lockers, hash, lockers.
I'm taking this fucking flashlight, 'cause there's two of yous and only one of mes.
Why do you get a flashlight and we get an old lighter?
'Cause you guys got twice or three times as many eyes.
Okay, Locker 15. He gets 14 grams.
Get 14 in there, Bubs. I need some more light, Bubs Jesus Christ. Julian, I only have two fucking arms I know, I know. We gotta go quick, man.
Ah, fuck, I gotta piss.
Julian, there's a bag of chips in here.
Do you think it'd be a big dea I if I took some? fucking take them, man.
Holy Christ, Ricky's in a gunfight!
Go in the car, go in the car. I'll be right back.
Ricky! Ricky, what the fuck's going on?!
Who the fuck is out there?
What the fuck's going on, Ricky?!
What the fuck is up here, man, what are you shooting at?
You won't fucking believe what's going on in here.
Winds of shit, buddy.
The winds of shit?!
What the fuck?
What are you talking about, Ricky?
There's only fucking one explanation.
I'm telling you right now. Maybe two., I could've fallen down, tripped over myself, I dunno the gun went off, pissed on myself. guns fucking going off big-time. Or ghosts.
There's fucking ghosts here!
Ricky, fuck!
The fucking urinal flushed by itself!
They're supposed to flush!
Since when?
Let's get out of here!
I didn't put all the hash in the lockers yet!
It doesn't matter. Let's go! Come on!
What about the customers You wanna go to jail, you fuckhead?!
Boys, what the fuck took you so long and what happened in there?
I got attacked in the fucking bathroom by the shit-wind ghosts or something. shit winds?!
Ricky, enough with this fucking goddamn shit winds Keep your eyes peeled. fuck, boys.
Omigod, the cops!
Ricky, the cops. Do we have any dope on us?
No big deal, boys.
Get us out of this, Ricky.
If anybody asks, I'm a fucking janitor here Alright, turn the car off. Now.
Holy fuck, boys, settle down.
Now. Turn it off.
Hands up where I can see them.
Yessir, yessir.
Everybody, hands up.
You guys having a busy night, are you, or... how are things going?
You have a beverage there?
What's in that beverage?
Okay, can I just explain -
What's in that beverage, sir That is... I'm not gonna lie to you, it's rum and coke.
And I'll tell you what, I'm not drinking, I'm the driver This guy's getting married. We were having a stag party.
Now we've had reports of gunshots here.
You know anything about that?
Yes, I do, actually.
I'm the one who called you guys. Bunch of little fuckers, I don't know who they were, they, uh...
At first I thought it was firecrackers, then I saw one of them, he did this motion where he pulled something, I think it was a gun.
Kids or adults?
Kids, adults. Kids, I think.
Ah, goddamn. Kids again. fuck. Did you see them?
Yeah, I did. One guy had long, gravy-coloured hair.
There was another guy - with darker, braidy things going on...
I chased them out of here about two weeks ago.
I should've called you then, I didn't.
We threw coffee away for this. Jesus, man.
I'll tell you. The day we're having. goddamn kids!
That was awesome.
How did you come up with the janitor thing like that?
I can't believe he didn't even get you on open liquor.
Just drive out of here slowly, man.
Roll me a joint, Bubs. Holy fuck, I'm stressed now.
Ricky, just wait till we get back to the park Ah, fuck, boys.
I got something going on with this...
What's this thing here? The appliance right inside here.
Ricky, they're waiting for you, man. Pull out. fucking thing is killing me.
I got that heart-congestion shit again. fuck!
Boys, Ricky, wake up, man. I've got a drink for you, buddy.
Rick, Rick. Great job with the cops last night, man.
We made a shitload of money, boys.
Got enough to bail the old man out now, buddy Uh, I was talking to Ray and he doesn't wanna get out yet What?
Yeah, he's in some kind of stop-gambling program or something.
Wants to stay in for another week.
He's having a great fucking time, though, man.
Go spend some time with your family, Rick.
You deserve it, buddy. I gotta grab something to eat.
Yeah, I'm gonna run those shelves up to Trinity, I guess Hey, girls.
Good morning!
Hey, Ricky. Whoa.
College boy just dropped off some shelves for his daughter.
Very nice.
Neat. Cool!
Nice jacket there, college boy. Looks good.
Sorry to barge in on you ladies, but today is lot-fee day.
We paid our lot fees, Lahey.
You came to collect them in your goddamn underwear, drunk as hell at 8 a.m.?
Ricky, I notice there's a little mistake on the sleeve of your jacket.
No, there's not.
It says Grade 10.
Yeah, it says Grade 10, but shouldn't it say janitor, Ricky?
Jesus, you stink. Janitor, huh?
Get the hell out of this trailer.
Hands off! (Lahey laughing)
What are you guys talking about?
Before I go I should... Oh, whoops, I dropped a couple of pictures on the table.
Looks like somebody named Ricky pretending to bet a vocational-school studen when he's really a vocational-school janitor.r I mean, I could've pretended I was going to college all yea and people would've been proud of me, especially Lucy and Trinity, but, oh, no, , Lahey's gotta go around, drunk, driving probably, to college taking fucking pictures of me throwing out garbage and emptying mop buckets, so now everyone knows I'm just a goddamn janitor instead of really going to college, which sucks.
What is this?
Did you lie to us?
Sweetie, I didn't...
It's not really a lie, it's just I got my Grade 10, I haven't really done anything with it, alright? And I've been to jail and I just wanted to make you guys proud and try to go to school and get my book thinking and learnings and stuff flowing better, more brainy in my head.
And I can't afford a CB or tel you what I'm trying to say here, , is that my brain is scrambly but I'm sorry anyway, alright, sweetie?
Don't lie like Daddy did, it's not bright.
It's just I was trying to make you guys proud.
Ricky, you are the most fucked-up person I've ever met and I've met a lot of fucked-up people, 'cause I spent some time in a mental institution.
You're going back there if you don't leave me alone.
Go back to your trailer! Drink there!
Get your fucking drunk face out my trailer, Lahey, Randy Rick, you know what?
You kind of lied about it, but I think it's cool that you're trying to take care of Trin and to impress us, so you know, I'm not mad.
You know what? It's almost like so pathetic that it's kind of sweet.
Thanks. guys.
It's cool.
You wanna set these up in your room?
What's the number on that cart, Bubs?
The number on the cart.
What's the number?
There's no number on this one yet.
Well, I knew it was only a matter of time before my cart business and Ricky and Julian's dope business collided, so the day's here finally.
Basically the hardest part about dealing dope is transport.
I mean, I learned that back in Grade 9.
And Julian's got this plan we're gonna ship it around the province in shopping-cart handles, which is great, 'cause you got a shopping cart that looks perfectly normal, but inside the handle, it's full of hash.
And it does help get rid of that hash, which I don't like lying around here, with Lahey fucking wandering around, drinking fucking huge bottles of liquor.
Pictou Vocational School, they need hash., Cobequid Vocational School, Shelburne, Port Hawkesbury fucking Digby, Yarmouth. Everybody wants fucking hash So we're gonna sell this whole driveway probably in two days. It's awesome.
Ricky, I need my cart hammer back.
Do you want Trinity driving around the park with no brakes I'm just changing the brake hose for Trinity I don't want her driving around the park in an unsafe car.
When we sell the hash, I'm gonna give her this car.
How many fathers can give their 9-year-old daughter a car?
I'm just happy I'm in a position I can do something like that Ricky, do you really think it's a good idea to be letting Trinity drive around in your car?
Come on, man, I need your help over here, buddy Julian, let me tell you a little story about something my dad taught me, okay?
Ricky, no offence, but your dad taught ya.
Your dad's kind of a drunk, chronic VLT gambler, put in jail for defrauding the government, you know. Well, he's also one of the best fucking fathers a person could've had. We'll be bailing him out of jail later on today when we sell the hash., Anyway, I know you guys think you're smarter than me and who fucking knows, maybe you are.
But one thing I know is when you're growing up, , you gotta fucking do illegal shit once in a while have a bit of fun and maturinate into a better person.
If you go to jail, you learn a fucking lesson and you don't go to jail after that.
You know, your thoughts might be better than mine, but I have thoughts going around in my head too about different thinkings and brain things that you can use, and doing different things and I think I know what's best for my daughter, so fuck off and let me fix the brakes for my daughter and then I'll help you with the hash.
You guys don't always know what's best, so my thoughts have feelings of their own too sometimes Ricky, what are you talking about I dunno, Bubbles.
I dunno.
We got like seven handles here.
I said 200, Bubs. We need 200 handles.
Julian, 200 handles is 200 carts.
That's a lot of fucking carts. I don't know.
I don't know if I can do it. It's a lot of work.
No, no, no. What do you mean? Who's the king of the carts?
I am.
So I just have to go get the carts.
The way I always do.
No pressure and no fucking touching hash Bubs, the beauty of this plan, you don't gotta touch the hash You just gotta collect the carts, man. That's it.
Careful with it, boys!
Good luck, buddy. Going to school. See you soon.
Alright, time to get somee fucking shopping carts going That's my specialty. Ricky and Julian probably could've helped me if we need that many fucking carts, but I guess I'm better at it than anybody.
So this is where I go to get most of them.
This is a fucking goldmine down here.
This is one of the spots I've been coming for years It's usually just littered with dirty old fucking carts Holy fuck! Get down! Get the fuck down!
That's Gary, the head mall cop If he sees me, I'm fucked.
We're gonna have to wait this one out, boys.
Bubbles! Bubbles!
Ah, fuck.
Come on out of there!
Bubbles, I know you're in there! I can see your cart!
It's right here, man!
Gary, I'm just having a... just having a pee down here., Bubbles, get up here. You take my shopping carts I take your go-cart. Get here now!
I'm not taking your shopping carts. I was having a pee.
I didn't want anyone to see my bird.
What's with the carts, Bubbles?
I brought those carts with me. They're from another mall, Gary.
Another mall?, You're not the one who gets the calls from head office night and day, asking about stolen shopping carts.
You're not the one who waits to go to a Chris de Burgh concert for three-and-a-half years so I can go in and miss the encore, Don't Pay the Ferryman, because I'm on the phone in the foyer talking about stolen shopping carts!
I'm the one who gets those calls Bubbles, not you Me. And you know what? I don't wanna get those calls anymore.
Well, why don't you fucking turn your cellphone off, Gary?
Don't fuck with me, Bubbles. shit. fuck!
It's not on, Gary.
Well, turn it on!
Start the fucking thing! I got all this pressure on me to get all these fucking carts and I come down to the mall and Gary's fucking all over me (snivelling)
I misjudged their perseverance, I guess.
It's a simple mathematic equation, Rand.
Julian wants this trailer desperately, so if I keep upping the price, he'll do whatever it takes.. to get the money.
That sexy fucker's smart, Randy.
Parading around in his fucking tight little fucking T-shirt But we're smarter.
You know what we're gonna do, Rand?
When we get Julian behind bars... we're gonna drink this whole fucking bottle.
And then...
Mr. Lahey, after everyone's gone back to jail, we're gonna stop drinking, right?
Absolutely, Rand.
You promised, Mr. Lahey.
Randy! Shhh.
Do you hear that?
What were you saying?
I can't say anything.
You keep saying Randy.
How much you want?
What's your locker number?
And the combination.
Why does Daddy always smell like garbage?
Well, your dad smells like garbage because he has a job picking up garbage.
Remember Mr. Lahey told us that?
God, Lahey's stressing me out.
I really need to get drunk tonight.
Speaking of which, I think it's a good idea for us to go to bingo, have a couple of drinks and let off some steam.
When I drink with Sarah now, I know when to cut it off.
The only problem is sometimes Lucy starts drinking a bit faster than me and I can't keep up and then she gets way too drunk.
I... I drank a little bit when I was in high school, but I'm totally over that now and I never, ever get hammered It's... it's a waste of a day.
It's gonna be awesome. You totally deserve it.
I totally deserve it.
Here's a couple shots to get you started. Glad you guys are here.
You'll look after Trin tonight.
Uh, no, can't., We're working for Julian. Sorry. We wanna hang out with you but we can't.
It kind of pissed me off when Corey and Trevor said they wouldn't look after her, I told them they were going to but it's much better for them to be working for Julian, learning some important skills, than hanging around with Ricky I did over two grand today at school, which is awesome.
I decided I'm gonna be in charge of the fucking money.
My brain's been working good, so fuck Julian.
It's my money now.
Oh, for fucksake. fucking spot check.
I had open liquor. That's always nice., fuck this shit. I got no insurance or anything anyway I may as well just get the fuck out of here.
Anyway, I bought a bunch of booze so I can get drunk, some smokes. I'm gonna go bail the old man out of jail I plan on still being fucking drunk Nice try, boys. fucking idiots They shouldn't be able to pull you over like that fucking cops and their spot-check bullshit.
Where's the rest of the carts, man?
I crashed!
You're okay, man.
Julian, I hid in the bushes for 40 fucking minutes with pine needles pricking me on the bird and that's all I could get.
Who were you hiding from Gary, the fucking mall guy. He was on me like shit to a blanket. fuck Gary!
Hey, boys. We are gonna get fucking wasted tonight Grab a bottle, boys, let's start drinking.
Smoke some SPJs, hash.
Where'd you get all the liquor, man?
Sold some hash, buddy, spent some cash.
We're gonna have lots. Who cares? Here, grab a bottle How are we supposed to get your dad out if you keep spending money? Huh?
Julian, there's a whole driveway full of hash there, we're gonna have lots of money.
We don't have the money yet.
Go start cutting up the driveway.
We're gonna start shipping that stuff out tonight.
Where's the rest of the money?
I got a little bit here and, uh, the rest's in the trunk.
Okay, leave it in the trunk, put the hash in the trunk.
We're going to use it as a safe, alright?
Listen, you go back to the mall, okay?
There's gonna be some carts there for ya.
What do you mean?
I'm gonna take care of it, okay?
Holy fuck. What a crash.
I could've been killed!
You guys must think you're pretty tough, eh?
Picking on my friend Bubbles?
I-I-I was just doing my job!
Oh, what do you think he was doing?
How do you think he makes a living?
How do you think he feeds his cats?
I don't know! Take your finger off the trigger! Please -
Shhh, shhh, shhh, shhhhhhh Listen, alright, this is what I want you to do., - Okay, I'm listening.
You take all those carts, you throw them over the bank alright?
That's all I want you to do. Okay?
You're not gonna call the cops, are you?
What the fuck is he doing with that driveway?
Looks like he's repaving it, Mr. Lahey.
I told him it looked like shit.
What a job.
Four-thirty in the afternoon, he's drunk already.
Should be quite a night, Randy We're already drunk too.
Oh-ho! First try!
Rick Ricky! Hey.
Hey, Luce.
Ah, listen, will you take care of Trin Sarah and I wanna go to bingo and get a couple of drinks I was gonna have some drinks too, but, yeah, I'll wait till later, I guess.
I wanna get drunk later. Do you wanna get drunk with me Yeah, okay, I'll do that If you're getting drunk later, who's gonna take care of this kid here?
I got 60 bucks for to say maybe you'll look after her.
For to say?
Yeah. I got 60 dollars for to say that you'll babysit her.
Okay, 80 bucks for to says I'll do it.
Eighty bucks?
Fine. Okay.
Actually, Lucy, here's some money for you.
Have some drinks, but don't get too drunk, alright I don't want you to pass out or whatever.
I wanna see you later.
Well, if I pass out, I won't be any use to anyone, right? So...
That's what I'm saying. Don't pass out.
Just have like five, six drinks or whatever.
I never do that. It'll be fine.
Can I have some money for school supplies?
You know, Ricky, I think it's really cool that you're spending time with your daughter.
Thanks, Sarah.
Be good and be careful.
Yeah, bye.
Well, we're gonna do some bodywork to the car, try and get it inspected?
Daddy used to steal inspection stickers, but then, I kinda went to court one time and almost went to jail, so now it's just easier to do the bodywork.
So we gotta fill holes. This bit of rust here is fine, but see where there's a hole right there Yeah.
We gotta fill that.
Nice. Where'd you get all the carts?
I don't know what Julian did down there, Ricky, but it's a goldmine down at the mall.
You're here at the front.
Looks like a bunch of drunks playing with shopping carts, Mr. Lahey. shit flowers, Randy. Maybe they're turned a new leaf, ever since they saw how you took care of Ray and J Roc., From a distance they look like ordinary flowers, Randy but when you get right down and stick your nose in them, you realize they're shit flowerse and there's a whole fucking bouquet ther right in front of Ray's trailer.
We're out, Mr. Lahey.
Ricky, I need more hash logs Hey, what's popping, Kermit?
Wanna see if we can get the car to go to the store?
Ricky, I don't wanna be Mr. Complainy, but I don't like having all that hash in my shed., Well, Bubs, the faster we get this in the handles the faster it gets out of here I'll roll up another hash log, then, for fucksakes.
Dad? Dad?
Not back here, sweetie.
Not back here.
Can I roll with Kermit down to the store?
Can I take the car?
Uh, no, you can't. But what you can do is go down to the edge of the trailer park and park it. Get out, lock the doors, go to the store, get what you need.
Actually, get me a couple bags of chips.
Dressed All Over and Zesty Mordant.
Then just come back here after that when you're done.
Put your seatbelts on. Don't leave the park, alright?
When you're a kid, doing stuff that's illegal is a lot more fun than doing stuff that's legal, so I let her take the car. She's only driving around the park. No big deal. I told her to put her seatbelt I don't see the problem.
Lucy might have a problem, but she's at bingo.
What Lucy doesn't know won't learn her.
What's up, dude?
Hey, boys.
Alright, listen up.
This is Sunnyvale right here, okay?
You've got to drive the carts to the Pictou shopping mall, , which is right there. Drop the carts off in the parking lot Buddy'll pick them up later. Can you do that?
I dunno if Julian told you, but he told me that things go a lot smoother when he's working with us than when he's working with Ricky, so that's like a really high compliment coming from him What the fuck are you looking at, Trevor?!
What's up, Ricky?
Suck my cock, Trevor!
How about that, you skinny little fucking weasel!
Ricky. You're not even supposed to be talking to me! Get away from me!
Trevor, Trevor, that's enough. Ricky, that's enough.
I'm not afraid of Ricky. I dunno about you.
Yeah, well, uh, we let him come close to us.
Like, we waive the peace bond all the time and we let him within 10 feet of us.
I think he knows that's pretty cool of us, too.
I'm pretty sure he might be even intimidated a little bit by us Yeah, he's afraid.
What if we drove down Midnight Pass Road?
No, man. If we go up this way, we stop at Mimar's Arcade.e What the fuck? Does one of you idiots mind tellingm why there's only 10 fucking carts left in that truck instead of 20?
Yeah, we had to move 10 off.
Oh, you moved 10 off. D'you hear that, Julian?
Precious little Corey and Trevor fucked up and took 10 carts off the goddamn load.
Your order's for 10 carts. Rick. You fucked up.
What the fuck are you looking at, Trevor You fucked up, Ricky. You know what else?
You're wearing the same dirty clothes since you got out of jail. You fucked up, man.
What did you just say to me?
Knock-knock, Trevor.
I'm not gonna say "Who's there," man.
You just did, you fucking idiot.
Rick! Ricky!
Those are my new pants!
What are you doing, man? !
Boys, boys! We're supposed to be working like a team here, You wanna be on a winning team that makes a shitload of money or do you wanna be on a losing team that goes to jail, huh?
Apologize to him.
I'm not apologizing to him Corey, move. Apologize to him.
Sorry I ripped your pants off, Trevor.
It's alright, Ricky. shit happens, man.
Do you want your pocket back Trevor, here's some gas money.
You guys can leave now. Corey, get over here. Gas money.
And here's 20 for a new pair of pants.
Thanks a lot, Julian.
Alright, no speeding.
Put on your seatbelts. Don't fuck around.
See you later, Ricky.
Do a good job, boys.
Ricky, you ripped his fucking pants right off.
I don't know what happened I'm just so stressed out lately.
I fucked up. He was fucking standing up to me, though.
He better watch himself, or he's gonna lose a fucking friend, I'll tell you that Ah! The cops! The cops!
Kermit, get in the back, get the bottles! Hurry up!
Are you Trinity? Get out of that car right now.
There they are, Randy.
Hello, gentlemen! Hey, Jules.
Having a little drinkee-poo? Tasty isn't it?
Couple of drinks on a hot day.
We're just here to do the lot water tests, boys.
Randy. We're just here to do lot water tests, boys.
It'll just take a sec.
Lahey, I live in a tent.
I have a shed, Lahey. I don't have water.
Listen here, Captain Drunkity - cock, none of us have water, so we don't need any of this crap.
Ricky! Destruction of property, Rick.
Barb says we got full authority to do tests Randy, you're right. Sorry. You do have full authority To fuck right off and fuck off good, okay?
And you can fuck off too, Mr. Lahey.
How about the pants come off, Rick?
And I kick the shit out of you.
Take 'em off, Randy.
It's gonna happen. They're coming off.
Come on, I've been wanting to fight you for a while.
Give me a little whack. Come on, Ricky, give me a little whack! Come on, Ricky, give me a little whack!
Watch out, Ricky, his pants are off!
I don't care!
His pants are off!
Come on, Ricky, come on, give me a little crack.
This is between me and Lahey, Rancy!
(shouting) I'm gonna fucking -
Crank him, Ricky, fucking give him one!
He deserves it! fucking stay out of this, Randy.
Rick, see your coat, Ricky?! Well, how do you like that?!
Come on, Ricky!
Give it to him!
Just once, Ricky!
Don't do it, Rick!
Ricky! Come here.
Jeez, Lucy, are you alright?
She's loaded!
What's going on?
Trin was just arrested.
What?! Where is she?
What the hell is this shit? Huh?
Trin, what are you doing in there?
Easy, Rick. Take it easy You take it easy, you dick. That's my daughter.
If Trinity was drinking and driving, I mean, that'd be a big deal. But she wasn't.
She hadmyopen liquor in the car, going to the store to get her dad chips. What's the problem with that She shouldn't be taken downtown for that shit.
The car didn't do nothing wrong. Why are you towing that away You got no inspection, it's not registered.
Driven by a minor while in possession of alcohol That means impound, Rick, that's the law.
Well, can I at least get my stuff out of there first?
Why, d'you forget something, Ricky, like your daughter maybe?
That's very funny, Sarah.
I don't think so, Rick.
Trinity, Daddy's gonna take care of this, alright Ted, can I talk to you for a sec?
Don't tell them your name, where you live, none of that, We're both adults and I was thinking, you know maybe you and I could find a way that we could possibly pull it together.g Maybe we could work out charging you for attemptin to bribe a police officer with sexual favours.
We could work that out.
Geez -
Randy. Guess not, eh?
We're cool. Come on, Lucy.
I think Lucy behaved completely appropriately for what was going on. Um, she got a little upset I think any good mother would get a little bit upset when her daughter's being arrested.
My big concern is there's 12 pounds of hash in the trunk and a bunch of our money. And I have no idea how we're gonna get that out of impound.
I guess we'll figure it out.
But I'm a fucking great dad. I'm gonna teach her some stuff I think her getting taken away by the cops is good for her.
She'll learn from that. Probably be a better kid.
Worked for me. I turned out great. fuck off, George!
Boys, am I the only one freaking out here?
We're goin to jail forever. The hash is in the car, Julian Bubs, Bubs, Bubs, we're not going to jail, alright?
If the cops were gonna search the car, they would've been here hours ago.
We just gotta get that car out of impound.
Oh, that's probably them now Come in.
What's up, dude? We done everything.
Went perfectly, Julian. We never fucked up once, man Where's the new pants?
Uh, I spent the money at the food court.
Here, Ricky, this is for you 'cause I fucked up earlier, man.
You did fuck up, Trevor, but thanks.
So maybe we'll hang out later?
You guys want anything down at the store?
Pop or chips or anything?
Boys, did you not notice e There was a big awkward silenc when you said bye the first time.
And now you're doing basically the same thing and it's just gonna happen again.
See how this is working? Just go, boys.
Alright, so we'll see you later, then, dude.
Boys, just, when the cops get here, tell them I won't resist I'll just be in my shed hyperventilating.
Look, Rick, Rick, I know your family's in jail and your car's impounded and everything looks shitty right now, but you gotta stay focused, man, keep that stick on the ice, alright?
Things are gonna turn around, bud.
When I woke up this morning, I felt like shit I was so fucking hung over My arm was numb, I could hardly breathe.
Then I remember, Holy fuck, my whole family's in jail.
I gotta go get them out. Holy fuck.
Julian, I need to borrow your car.
I gotta go get Trin, deal with Lucy, get my dad out of jail I need your keys.
You can't use my car.
What are you taking your tent down for?
What do you mean, I can't use your car?
You're not insured.
Julian starts feeding me this bullshit, "I don't have assurance." Like, I don't have assurance He stole the fucking car from Cyrus and his buddies anyways.
It's ridiculous.
Listen, Rick, you deal with Trinity, I'll deal with Ray.
But you're not using my fucking car.
Fine, Julian. Your car's stupid anyway.
So I said fuck him. Basically, I'm just gonna jog to the jail and pick up Trin.
And then I started jogging and my heart's killing me and my arm's fucked. Luckily I ran into Bubbles Ricky stopped me and just commandeered the cart Took it right from me.
So I gave it to him.
I wouldn't have normally, but it was for Trinity.
'Cause she got picked up, as you guys know, driving the car with open liquor in there.
I told him to be careful and the fucking first thing he does, he runs her into the mud. Sitting there just gunning it, spinning the fucking tires, burning the engine out of it The thing's probably fucked at this point.
No brake burns, Ricky! No donuts! fuck, he's gonna wreck it.
What happened to your go-cart, Bubs?
Ricky commandeered the fucking thing on me.
How come you're taking your tent down, Julian?
I'm getting my trailer back today, buddy.
I'm not living in this fucking tent ever again.
So I'm gonna need some help today, bud.
Oh, Julian, I was just getting my cart business going again We gotta get that car out of impound, man.
We gotta do something about this driveway, 'cause Lahey's off the fucking rails.
I was hoping to just work on carts today.
Now Julian's got me doing illegal stuff, getting the car back out of the impound, 'cause the money and the has his in there.
He wants me to go see Ray, tell him we're not getting him out of jail, which is gonna be fucking real fun time for me, telling him Ray's gonna lose it.
Then I asked him, Who's gonna guard the driveway And he just does this whistle. (whistling) fucking Corey and Trevor com running like he's calling a dog.
It's kind of funny when you think about it.
He just whistles and gives them treats like dogs, but it's kind of sad, really One for you... (bottles rattling) and one for me.
Back from Jumbo, Mr. Lahey Got the video game. What do you need it for anyway That video game is the key to shitty city, Randy.
And Julian is a muscular man I need you to do something for me, bud.
I need you to go get Corey and Trevor and bring them here I know they're somewhere in the park.
What do you need Corey and Trevor for, Mr. Lahey?
I need their help, bud.
They're never gonna help us, Mr. Lahey.
Au contraire, Randy, au contraire.
You'd be surprised how much those two are gonna help us.
I learned a very valuable lesson lately, Randy.
You can't change people.
So... instead of working against all the horseshit that goes on in this park, I'm gonna encourage it.
And then I'm gonna let those little shitty-shit board members and their sexy mayor Julian destroy themselves.
Destroy themselves, Randy.
Destroy... themselves.
Is that all you need me to do, Mr. Lahey?
What'll it be?
You're disappointed in me, aren't you, Randy?
No, Mr. Lahey.
Chocolate liqueur.
Let the games begin.
Hello, Ricky!
Can you guys give me a hand with this fucking thing?
It belongs to my buddy.
I just don't wanna leave It on the street here.
Thanks, appreciate it. You guys wanna smoke a joint Ah!
I'm getting my daughter back from Emergency Child Protection Services.
I'm all stressed out. Come on, let's get stoned. fuck you, then. I gotta deal with a buncha government dicks You guys work for the government, too? fucking idiots.
Julian, should we be doing this right in the fucking middle of broad daylight?
We're gonna be okay.
What if there's dogs in there?
Just look for the fucking gate.
There's a fucking gate right there.
Is that the right one?
There's people in there, moving around.
There it is, Bubs.
That is it.
Julian, yard workers!
Stay down.
Did they see us?
The keys are in it, Julian.
Pop the trunk. fuck, it's all here, man.
Oh, thank God.
Julian, you got burdocks all over your fucking back Get them off me. fuck, you're covered in them, man.
Stand still. Stand still Get 'em off me, get em off !
I hate the fucking things!
Meet me back in the park, alright?
We were watching the driveway, which is what we were supposed to be doing.
Making sure nobody fucked with it or stole or damaged it We were doing a good job.
Randy came along and -
Corey! Trevor!, Said he had a new video game wanted us to help him set it up and play.
What do you want, Randy?
Here, have a drink.
Get Bubbles to help us hook it up, man.
We're too drunk. Bubbles!
No, man, Bubbles isn't home.
We know all that stuff, man. We can help you hook it up when Julian comes back. What kind of system you got?
We got this one, this game's wicked.
It's got four controllers that go into it and we got like seven games.
You guys have multiplayer?
No way.
Yeah, it's awesome, boys Come on, let's go do it.
No, we can't go.
We're staying right here, dude.
That's too bad, guys.
You know, I'm gonna go get someone else, then, fellas You know, I wanna play. Mr. Lahey's excited about this Randy, can we come over and play once Julian gets home Well, I'm gonna go get someone else, guys, okay?
We'll be right over.
Dude, we can't go over there Come on, let's just go play for 20 minutes, Corey.
No. Julian said we have to watch the driveway.
We... Keep an eye on Lahey, play video games and get drunk all at the same time. Thank you very much, dude.
Always be thinking.
I just wanna say that just because Lucy spent the night in the drunk tank doesn't mean she's a bad mother.
I mean, everybody spends nights in the drunk tank.
I've been there about 10 times. I'm sure you all have.
It's not a big deal. It happens once in a while, The problem was she lives with this girl named Sarah who smokes a ton of weed, and that's what happened.
When Lucy gets drunk, she's fine.
If she gets drunk, smokes a joint of hash, she's fine., She gets drunk and smokes a joint of weed she's a different person.
And that's why she ended up in the drunk tank, 'cause of Sarah and her little weed joints, and as for the open liquor I mean, I live in my car. My car is my home.
So that shouldn't have been open liquor anyway.
I mean, you guys must have liquor around your house.
I'm sure you got liquor at your home.
Cops pull you over in your house, how's that open liquor?
Anyway the big thing is - I just dropped my smoke there I'm gonna have a lot of money coming to me in the next couple of days, which I'm not gonna tell you how I'm making it, but it's gonna be a lot of money. I'm gonna bail my dad outta jail and I'm gonna buy a trailer. And he'll be living there, I'll be living there, Lucy'll be living there.
So there'll be lots of people watching over Trinity.
If we just release her, send her back to her mom.
Her mom is great, good mother. And that'll be fine.
I'll look after her once in a while when she is drinking, but other than that, she'll be always watching her.
And my dad can watch her when he's not drunk.
But tonight I'm getting drunk, 'cause it's my turn.
She got drunk yesterday and this is my day.
I'm not gonna drink before I get her home.
I'm gonna take her home, give her to Lucy, Lucy'll be watching her, then I'll have some drinks..
So yeah, I think we're done here and I'll pick up my daughter and take her home to Lucy, get drunk.
Hey, boys.
Some ice cream for ya.
Oh, nice. Thanks, dude.
Caramel sauce and everything It was awful nice of you boys to come over.
Nice when friends help each other.
It's Julian.
If he find out we're here, we're in shit, Mr. Lahey.
Shhh! Julian, be right there, bud.
Don't tell him we're here, Mr. Lahey.
Julian!, Don't know where a fellow can get a little drink around here do you, bud?
Jim, I got 7,500 bucks for ya.
You'll get the other five grand tomorrow.
Wow. That's a lot of money, Julian.
You must be doing quite well for yourself.
You got a new car, lots of cash, you're a big strong man with a good head on your shoulders.
What kind of shampoo do you use? Have to ask.
Jim, look. Look!
Is the trailer mine or what?
You got yourself a deal.
Oh, one thing, though.
I need to have the rest of the money by the end of the day, or there's no deal.
There's a lot of interest in the mobile, Julian.
If someone should come by tomorrow with the full purchase price, I'd have to accept, wouldn't I It's really impressive, though, boy.
I guess I should be proud of you.
Take the fucking sign off the lawn. Alright?
Julian, sign comes down when I receive the rest of the cash by the end of the day.
Hey, guys...
Time... Jesus.
Let's go, boys.
Thanks, fellas.
They're gone, Mr. Lahey.
Thank you, Randy.
Got a few strings to pull, boy. Look, no calling the cops till all the shit puppets are onstage.
Just need a little bit more information, Randy.
A little bit more information.
Can I finish my ice cream, Mr. Lahey?
Trevor, come on in. Siddown.
Finish your ice cream. We'll have a little talk.
Randy and I are pulling for you, Trevor.
What do you mean?
Well, we know what kind of trouble you're in I'm not in trouble.
Big trouble in the park.
Big secret.
What are you talking about, Mr. Lahey?
Look, Trev, I'm on a fishing expedition.
Give me a hand, will ya?
You know about the hash driveway?
Holy shit! Hash driveway We know about the hash driveway, Randy.
Yeah, we knew about that Over at, uh, Ray's trailer Corey!
Corey! Trevor! Corey!
You guys wanna go in the car What's wrong, Bubs?
Oh, nothing, Julian.
You go see Ray?
Yeah, I went and saw Ray He's freaking out in there. He's calling Ricky.
Ricky's gonna know you didn't bail him out.
He got beat up in there, too.
What?! By who?
Take a fucking guess. Cyrus!
Yeah, Cyrus.
What did he tell me to tell you? I can't remember.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna kill us when he gets out of jail.
Dennis and fucking Terry know that you took the car They know about the hash.
What were they saying?
They were pissed!
We're fucked! We're gonna get killed!
Bubs, Bubs, Bubs. They're gonna be in jail for two or three more years. fuck those guys.
Great! So I'm dead in two years, then., Well, I came back from fucking delivering the news to Ray I get here and we call Corey and Trevor up.
I don't know the details at this point. They're sketchy Where the hell were you guys at?
I told you to stay by the driveway.
We were watching the driveway, then we went over to Lahey's to play some video games.
What were you guys talking about with Lahey?
Did he ask any questions?
Corey told him about the hash driveway.
You WHAT?!
No, I didn't.
Oh, my fuck!
You told me you said that.
You're suspended for one month. Both of yous.
Get the fuck outta here. Get outta here.
C'mon, Julian.
Get outta here.
Can we still hang out?
That's two months!
Three months!
Get the fuck outta here.
Somehow Lahey was able to fucking trick them into telling him everything about the fucking driveway and the hash and the car, that it was stolen.
He knows everything, so, I mean, obviously he's fucking plotting against us.
Randy, what do we usually do in this situation?
I dunno. We call the cops, Mr. Lahey.
And then what happens, Randy?
Oh, then they come and they arrest the boys and they go into jail for a few months.
For a few months, right.
We need to eliminate them permanently, Randy.
How do we do that?
Who owns the hash in the driveway?
Well, Cyrus and his gung Exactly.
Randy, I got $100 here for groceries.
I got $1,400 here for liquor and I got $6,000 for you to go and bail out a couple of shit puppets.
We may need a few more shit puppets for our play, and they gotta be angry shit puppets.
And you gotta make 'em angry. You say whatever it takes to get them angry, but they're not angry at us. shit puppets are supposed to be angry at other shit puppets. Take the bus.
Listen, Mr. Lahey, they could kill one another.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Yeah, but we can't be involved with murder.
Exactly, Randy.
Mr. Lahey, is this you talking, or the liquor?
I am the liquor.
Lucy, you home? Lucy!
Oh, God, Trin. How are you C'mere. C'mere. Are you okay? Oh!
Did you sleep okay?
Did they feed you?
They didn't feed you?
Omigod. Okay, I've got some fish sticks and I've got some fries in the oven ready for you.
Go flip the fries, they get soggy. Gross.
Lucy, before you freak out, I was just wondering, do you have any extra fish sticks and stuff?
Do you have lots? fuck., Look, I'm trying here. Like, I saved a bunch of money I bought a couple of bikes for Trin so she doesn't have to run around in the car anymore, which was never my idea in the first place.
It was Julian or Corey and Trevor, somebody, that thought of it. Anyway, I talked to her about it, she's not gonna drive anymore. She's got her bike now.
And she's not gonna throw bottles in the daytime If she does, it'll just be at night so no one will see her, so things are gonna be good now. She's not smoking.
Everything's cool. I'm trying here.
We worked it all out, so everything's cool now.
Me and Lucy are back on track and, you know, I think we're gonna be a happy family again.
Oh, listen, before I forget, um, Ray called.
He's totally pissed.
He's drunk?
No, he's not drunk.
Then she told me about Julian screwing me over with money.
He's supposed to, you know, bail my dad out today with all the money we made. Instead he goes and spends it on his trailer, giving it to Lahey?, That's fucked. Lahey's just gonna take that money go to the liquor store, blow all of it on liquor.
Gonna be twice as drunk, twice as crazy.
Rocking around here out of his goddamn mind, trying to throw us in jail. Real smart, Julian.
Take my dad's bail money and giving it to Lahey. Great!
Well, it's just that -
Rick, Rick, Rick, Rick!
Thank fuck we found you, man ! Lahey found out about the hash, That sucks. Just give us a minute here if you don't mind. I -
C'mon, man, we gotta go!
Yeah, that's a drag Julian. Question for ya, buddy. You wouldn't know anything about somebody telling my dad he's gonna be in jail for like 20 weeks would you?
Money got spend on something like maybe the trailer, is that what it was?
Rick, Rick, Rick, I'll explain all that later. C'mon, c'mon.
We gotta do something with the rest of the hash.
The difference between me and you is I give a fuck about family and you don't.
And you just fucked me over. That's my dad, Julian.
You're gonna keep him in jail so you can get a trailer? Wouldn't lend me your car 'cause your little fancy rims and all that crap? fuck you, Julian. I am done.
I don't give a fuck about you or the hash.
It's over. Done.
Sorry, Bubs.
Man, go talk to him.
Why do I gotta do it?
Ricky, look, I know you're pissed off and everything Yeah, big-time. Well, do you think I wanted to get involved with the hash the way I am? Like, if you leave, I'm fucking second in command. I don't wanna be that guy.
Bubs, I'm sorry. Like, I know it sucks for you.
I'm sorry you got involved in the first place.
But tell him to get his precious little Corey and Trevor, they can help you out.
He suspended them.
I got your car.
I'll come and get it. I gotta go eat.
Hey, Julian! You don't know where a fellow could score a little hunk of hash, do you?
You know what?
Let's cut the bullshit here. You know, go ahead, call the cops. I encourage it. They're just gonna think you're a drunk fucking lunatic anyway.
Julian, I did something an awful lot worse than calling the cops. Have a nice day, gentlemen What the fuck does that mean Back up off me!
It's your fault!
Stop getting all hard with me, Corey!
Leave me alone.
What the hell are you guys doing?
Listen up, boys.
I'm serious, Trevor, that's enough.
Stay there and you stay there. Heard you guys got fired or suspended or some shit by Julian.
Yeah, we got suspended 'cause he fucked up!
That's enough, Trevor. I'm fucking serious.
I'm sorry, but you fucking got tricked.
It's over.
So you guys aren't working for anybody now?
We've been talking to Dean down at the store and he might have some stuff, but... I don't think we're gonna work for him. We're not that busy.
Well, I'm looking for a couple of guys, alright?
Basically gonna do what I say, gonna shut the fuck up and not think for themselves.
We'll do it.
Yeah, that's dope!
What I wanna know is, why should I give you another chance, boys? After you fucked me over with some stupid peace bond and you guys were working with Julian, ignoring me.
And, Trevor, you've been acting pretty hard on me lately.
Why should I give you another chance, boys?
Ricky, you know we've always admired you. Growing up, you were the coolest kid in the park and everyone wanted to be like you and... you had the coolest clothes and the best toys and everything Love you, Ricky.
Yeah, man. We love you, dude Boys, me and Julian are done. It's fucking over between us And the way I see it, one thir of that hash down there is mine., We're gonna get it back. I may have to fight Julian maybe even Bubbles. You guys in?
We got your back.
I'm there, dude.
Come on, Julian. I don't like this.
You're doing good, Bubs. Stay focused, man.
Just stay focused.
Let's go, Julian, out of the way.
Ah, fuck, Ricky.
What the fuck are you doing?
One third of this hash's mine.
I'm fucking taking it.
Boys. Actually, we're gonn a take this right here.
Grab this and put it in my car.
Do you realize what the fuck's going on here?! Huh?!
Yeah, I do, Julian. You're being a selfish prick You fucked my dad!
Yeah, you fucked him good.
I'm taking this hash and we are fucking done.
Corey, Trevor, let go of the cart!
You work for me now, boys. He fired you.
I suspended them, Ricky!
Suspended them, fuck that.
Boys, you're back to work! Let go of the fucking cart Ricky, Julian.
How come everybody's bolting out of the fucking park?
I dunno. Liquor store doesn't close till 10 o'clock.
Oh, this doesn't fucking look good.
Something doesn't feel right. Oh, fuck!
Let's go, boys. Get this hash and put it in my car.
Ricky, they still work for me!
They're mine! Let go of them !
They've always been mine Boys, take this cart -
Boys, let go of the cart I don't give a fuck what happens to you, but this hash is coming with me right the fuck now.
Like fuck they are!
Boys. Ricky! Stop it!
Let them go! Nobody owns Corey and Trevor Boys, get over there.
Boys, I'm gonna have a fucking meltdown here.
We've got a ton of hash here that we can all go to jail for a long time and you guys are fucking fighting over stupid stuff. (crying)
Now I fucking did this because you guys wanted me to and I didn't want to, but you guys are the only family I have in the world and I fucking wanted to help you!
Now we're all gonna fucking go to jail, or we're gonna resolve this!
Julian, you did do something that wasn't very nice to Ricky He's got a right to be mad Now you apologize to him and get this settled right now Do it.
Rick... I'm sorry, man.
Why would you screw my dad over like that, man Rick, I got sick of living in the tent, man I started feeling like a loser, alright?
I mean, I just want my trailer back, buddy.
My grandmother gave me that trailer.
She gave me that car that I gave to you that you now live in, man. It means a lot to me!
I dunno, man, I just fucked up I couldn't... I just couldn't think, man Ricky, come on. We need your help and that was a fucking pretty nice apology.
Promise me we'll get my dad out of jail I promise you, man.
Alright, boys, we better get this out of here 'Cause goddamn sure Lahey called the cops.
We know that.
No, he said he didn't.
He said he did something fucking even worse.
Worse? What the fuck could be worse than calling the cops?
I'm saying Cyrus, Terry and Dennis got out today.
Cyrus and them ma-fuckers are talking about how they getting out, get some automatic weapons and go up Sunnyvale and kill them three ma-fuckers if we don't play it.
We can't let that happen We getting out today so we gonna skate back to the park, warn these guys that these guys are coming We ain't wanna see nobody dead.
We ain't down with being dead, right?
'Cause we don't play that. We play uncleared samples -
Liquor. Dope.
Hos. Know what I mean?
Mr. Lahey, the cock's done Excellent, Randy! Excellent.
Not quite finished yet, though, bud.
Now she's done.
When are we gonna head dow to the King for the two-for-one?
Randy. (sighing)
This is bullshit, Mr. Lahey. (wind blowing)
Feel that?
Feel what, Mr. Lahey?
The way the shit clings to the air, Randy? shit clings to the air?
It's already started, my dear good friend.
What started, Mr. Lahey? (wind blowing)
The shit blizzard.
Come on, Julian.
Rick, would you stop drinkin and eating and get back to work?
Holy fuck, boys, it's cold for this time of year.
What the fuck's going on?
Cold? Ricky, what are you talking about? It's hot as a rattlesnake tank Hey, what's up y'all?
What's going on?, We got some bad news, dawg, and we woulda called from jail but we couldn't.
Yeah, man.
Cyrus, Terry and Dennis got busted out the joint today and they coming looking for your candy hard, dawg.
Who bailed them out?!
Who you think?
Oh, my fuck.
Where the fuck did Randy get that kind of money?
I dunno.
Probably from you, Julian, and your little trailer fund What are we gonna do?!
Alright, looks like we got a gunfight on our hands here, boys.
J- Roc, T, you guys gotta shoot cover fire for me.
Dawg, we don't play guns, you know that, B.
We do anything else.
You want them to shoot you Do you want them?
We have to dig up under your old trailer, you know what I mean?
Oh, no!
I'll tell you right now, I am fucking dead against gunfights I hate getting in them. Ricky and Julian, I don't think they realize how fucking dangerous they are You guys gotta go underneath my old trailer, alright?
You'll see this cinder block. You can't miss it.
Dig underneath it, you'll find this hockey bag.
Bring it back to me as soon as you can, alright?
Don't let Lahey see you, either.
What's in the bag ma-fucker?
Never mind. You guys'll see, alright?
Just don't let Lahey see you.
Come on, Jules!
That's like going to the airport, where they're like, "Are you aware of the contents of the bag?" I'm like, "Nah.
And they're like, "D'you pack the shit yourself?
And I'm like, "Nah." And they're like, "You leave the shit unattended?" And I'm like, "I dunno, some ma-fucker might've left I under a trailer a couple years."t That's whack! - J-Roc, J-Roc, just go ge the fucking bag for me. Alright?
Boys, there's gonna be a big fucking shootout in this park.
I gotta get Trinity out of here, alright?
Let's get her out of here.
Oh, fuck!
Get on your bike, go right to Grandma's house.
Don't stop anywhere, don't talk to anybody.
Just go right there and call Mommy when you get there, okay?
You know how much Daddy loves you, right?
How much?
More than anything there ever has been gonna happen and can ever really happen, times ten.
Sunnyvale lock. Whoosh!
What are you boys doing?
Transporting firearms is illegal, isn't it?
They guns -
We found under your trailer.
They just came from your house, man.
That's a good point J-Roc.
Damn right, ma-fucker.
Those aren't our -
You boys carry on now. Sorry for the interruption Mr. Lahey!
That's fucking crazy, man. Let's get this shit out of here.
In the trunk.
Here's your damn guns, Julian.
We out, man.
We don't play guns, dawg. guns kill, man.
We ain't down with killing, we down with chillin'.
Thanks for your help, boys. Thanks a lot.
Here, Corey, Trevor, Corey, Trevor!
(whistling) Here, boys!
Let's move. Get over here, boys.
Alright, take this one. Be careful, though.
Get up on Mrs. Peterson's roof, alright?
You're gonna be the lookouts. If shit gets too heavy, I want you to get off the roof, go hide in Lucy's and stay You guys don't leave there until I come get you, got it Yeah, that's cool.
This is a pirate's gun.
Well, Trevor, that makes you Long John Dickweed, then.
Get up on the roof, boys, get going.
Well, that should do it, buddy. Good job.
Let's get the guns loaded up.
Julian, wait.
Listen, I don't ask you for many things, but I'm fucking terrified here, I'll tell you right now.
Is there any way we can not do this gunfight, please Bubs, you don't have to be involved if you don't want to.
Yes, I do, Julian. That's the thing.
If you and Ricky are involved, then I'm gonna be involved and I got a bad feeling about this, , like we could either get killed or go back to jail forever and I don't want us to get killed.
There's got to be another way. (crying)
What's wrong, Bubs? You alright?
I'm crying, Ricky, if you must know.
'Cause I'm fucking upset!
We gotta get the rest of the hash ripped up.
Let's get some guns, boys, and hide. He's gonna be here Change of plans, Rick. No guns.
What do you mean, no guns?
Listen, I'm gonna take care of this. You guys go hide.
He's gonna fucking shoot us!
Ricky, go hide.
No guns. Got it?
What the fuck is that?
I think it's a giant cock and some guy's riding it like a cowboy.
Is that you, Cyrus?
Can't you fucking read, Terry?
That's my name with an arrow pointing at it Yeah, it is you. fuck off, we got work to do. fuck, here he is.
Oh, fuck.
Know what I'm sayin', Terry?
Holy fuck, it better not be scratched Where's my fucking gun? I told you we should have guns Okay, guys! We have the car, we want our hash!
We don't want any trouble, but we don't mind making some!
Now get the fuck out here!
Alright, Cyrus, you win.
We surrender.
Julian, what the fuck are you doing?!
Ricky, we're surrendering. Get the fuck out here!
Come on, Ricky.
Jesus Christ.
Don't fucking shoot us, Cyrus.
You would've did the same thing, man, alright?
It's a perfect fucking plan, Cyrus.
Alright, to be honest with you...
I look up to you, man.
You're fucking with me.
No, we all look up to you, Cyrus. Right, boys? Right, Rick?
I mean, a lot of people in jail think you're pretty good at stuff and...
I know I do, Cyrus, with your excellent jacket Yeah, well, okay, we get the car, we get the hash, but what about the cock drawing on Lahey's trailer? cock drawing?
There's a fucking cowboy sitting on a cock back there, with my name and an arrow pointing to him and your fucking name on the bottom of it!
I can't even fucking draw, Cyrus.
This is by Lahey's trailer?
Well, boys, he masterminded this whole thing.
Who let you out of jail? fuck, that fat fuck Randy.
Look, Cyrus, everything's cool here.
Just, there's your hash, it's all cut up nice.
You guys take that.
It doesn't look like it's going too well, dude.
Let's give it another second They've got the hash. I think Cyrus overpowered them and they took the hash.
Something's going on, dude. It doesn't look right.
We got to do something.
It doesn't look right.
Julian, radio Corey and Trevor and tell them not to fucking shoot at anybody.
Corey and Trevor, this is Julian.
As soon as you see Cyrus - (static) -take the shot.
That's it, man. He said take the shot, dude.
That's not what he said. I heard.
I heard it too. he said take the shot.
You're wrong.
I don't care if I'm wrong.
You're fucking up and I'm not fucking this up.
Someone's gonna get killed. I'm taking the shot. Excuse me He should be a fucking blonde. (gunshit)
What the hell?!
What the fuck's going on?!
Trevor and Corey, you little fuckers!
What the fuck are you guys doing?!
Cyrus, we had nothing to do with this, man!
You're a fucking liar! (gunshots and screaming)
Get all the hash and get back to the fuckin car Julian, I think we're gonna die.
Good! Stay down, I'll come back to get you!
Boys, boys, boys! fuck Corey and Trevor!
Forget the hash. Let's grab some fucking guns fuck!
Get up, Ricky!
Stop fucking around, Rick!
Suck my cock, guys!
Wait for me, boys!
Boys, we have to get Corey and Trevor to the hospital. We can't leave them!
Bubs, take lateral cover fire from the backseat. Ricky, you take centre fire.
I want lateral cover fire!
You're taking centre fire!
Ah, for fucksakes.
Just cover me!
I'll get Corey and Trevor off the roof!
Bubbles, you're gonna have to hang out the window.
We're gonna back up, hit 'em hard, hit 'em mean I can't do it!
We're gonna get shot!
Let me see your war face. (growling)
Let me see your real war face. (growling)
Come on, boys. Let's do it Corey, Trevor?! Are you guys okay?
Sorry, Cyrus! We're okay !
Sorry, dude!
I think we fucked up!
Well, how about we fucked up?!
What in the fuck?!
Is that the best you got, Bubbles?!
Get the fuck out of here, Cyrus! fuck off with the guns! !
I'm out Ricky, I'm out!
Get the fuck out of this park!
Holy fuck, I'm hungry. You got anything to eat, Bubs?
No, I got nothing to eat, Ricky!
You reloaded? We gotta cover Julian.
I'm trying to.
Help me get them in the car!
Put them in the trunk!
They're fucking bleeding ! You know the rules!
Oh, for fucksake!
You guys fucked up big-time!
In the trunk! shit, get in the trunk, boys Let's go, let's go!
Let's go! In the car, Bubs ! Move, move, move, move!
Listen, boys.
Well, don't fucking stop on my account!
Alright, I think it's over. Let's reload just in case.
George Green! George Green, boys!
George Green! Omigod.
Hey, George.
Hey, George.
How's it going, boys?
How you doing?
What the fuck is George Green doing here Someone called the cops?
George, thank God you're here. We need your help, bud.
Somebody's gotta be on duty here, George.
Who's the officer in charge, George?
Who's the officer in charge here?
I thoughtyouwere in charge, Jim. Why aren'tyouon duty?
I've always been on duty, George. Always.
I haven't been off duty for 20 years.
Oh, you're so fucked, Lahey.
Dispatch, this is off-duty Officer George Green in Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
You had a report earlier of gunfire. Disregard.
There's nothing going on -
Officer down! Officer down Sorry, George! You're a shitty cop, George!
I want a real cop here!
Ricky, we have to get Corey and Trevor to the hospital Okay buddy, you gotta hit it twice as hard as last time Alright, Ricky, they're standing three - shit! (gunfire)
Is this what you want Cyrus?! Huh?!
I don't like shooting at people.
I don't wanna kill anybody. I just like scaring them, so I shoot right over their heads, you know, way clean over their heads But as long as there's a big flame coming out of the gun, and, you know, you look mean enough, it's usually enough to scare the shit out of somebody.
Julian, I think they're reloading or something Alright, boys, listen up Bubbles, you shoot lateral fire from the left.
Ricky, I want you to drive straight back, right through those fuckers, I'm gonna cover you from behind.
I gotta put my jacket on.
Okay, boys, let's go.
Stop fucking around, Ricky I need to put my coat on, I'm freezing!
Oh, fuck!
Ricky, what are you doing?
What's wrong, Rick?
Something's not right here, boys.
Bubbles, I'll cover you. Check him out.
Ricky, what's wrong?
I think I'm having a hark attack, buddy.
Are you sure? Julian!
Whole fucking left side is getting numb here.
I think he's having a heart attack.
He needs CPR or something.
Well, I dunno that shit, man I'll be alright, boys. C'mon Who else in the park knows CPR?
Lahey! Lahey knows it.
I'll be fine, just cover me!
Alright, I'm gonna get Lahey. You hang in there, Ricky.
Cyrus, stop fucking shooting ! Somebody's hurt here!
Here, Bubs. Help me light one of these up.
Ricky, that's a dirty old bag of butts.
I know. Trinity got them for me, down at the call centre, out in the parking lot. Man, they're awesome.
Short breaks, long butts, let's go, come on.
Ricky, no, you gotta get to the hospital!
Let's go, let's go!
Ricky, the cops!
Ted! Ted, thank fuck you're here.
Cyrus showed up, trying to sell us drugs!
We wouldn't buy them. Machine gun! Firing at us!
Corey and Trevor hit, in the trunk, bleeding!
Corey, Trevor, you guys okay?
We're okay! Thanks for asking! (gunfire)
Cyrus, you fucking moron ! Stop firing!
There's people hurt here!
All units, all units, respond to Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Officer under fire. I repeat, officer under fire Listen, fraidy-cop, you mind firing a couple shots to cover us here before we get killed?
Don't friggin' move, Julian. fuck off, Randy.
Jim, Ricky's having a heart attack.
You gotta do CPR on him right now.
Ricky's having a heart attack, eh?
Calls for a celebratory drink, Julian.
Cut the bullshit, Jim!, What happened to the man that loves this trailer park trying to make it a better place to live?s (gunfire) We've got cock-riding cowboy painted on the side of trailers. This gunfight's out of control and people are gonna die. It's gonna be your fault, Jim.
I need your help.
Why should I help you, Julian?
Because, Jim, you've always been like a father to me.
Officer Lahey, you're the only man that can take care of this situation.
Cover me, boy.
What are you doing? Sit, lay down!
Oh, I gotta piss bad.
You don't need to piss yet Hold it.
Ricky, are you okay?
What's going on out there, dudes?
Bubs... you gotta look after Trinity, buddy.
Don't say things like that. You're gonna be fine.
Don't talk foolish.
You can share the car.
Just make sure she checks the transmission fluid.
You can check, 'cause you're gonna be fine.
Don't let me piss myself Ricky! Ah!
Cover me, boys!
How long has he been out, Bubbles?
Oh, about six minutes, Mr. Lahey. shit, that's too long, Bubbles.
No brain can stand without oxygen that long.
If I did revive him, Bubbles, he'd just be a vegetable.
But, Mr. Lahey, I think probably his brain uses way less oxygen than a normal brain.
Maybe he's got like a lot more time than a normal person Can't you just try it? He's my best friend, come on I'll give it a try, Bubbles.
Just do what you do.
Thousand one, thousand two Let's go, reload, reload Thousand one, thousand two.
Come on, Ricky.
Thousand three, thousand four. (groaning)
It's working! There's air coming out of him!
You okay, boy?
Wake up!
Ricky, you're alright! Sit up!
Omigod, he's alive!
It worked, Mr. Lahey! You saved him!
Holy fuck.
Ricky, you just died.
You want a drink, bud?
Just now, you were just dead !
You're back alive! Omigod.
Mr. Lahey, you're a hero. You saved his life.
Thanks, boys.
Bubs, where's my smokes?
Hang on.
We gotta get the fuck outta here.
We got our hash, let's go.
The cops are gonna be here any second now!
Jesus, let's just put the gu -
Ah, fuck! fuck! fuck!
Police! Put your hands up!
You involved with this gunplay, Ricky?
For fucksakes, no, I'm not fucking involved.
I didn't do anything. I just... I was dead.
And a couple of guys fucking broke into my trunk.
I don't fucking know what happened.
You wouldn't be lying to me, would you, Rick?
Uh, no, why would I?
Why would you?
Look, these guys broke into my trunk.
Bubbles, open the trunk. And they fucking...
I dunno what they got in there buncha guns they threw in my car and I was just waiting til I you guys got here to help them Oh, dude, thank you. Oh, God.
Somebody call an ambulance Oh, God, I got shot, dude.
Shut the fuck up, you wussies.
I was dead. You got shot, big deal.
We should call a dumbulance.
And what about this?
It's... it's yours.
Is this yours, Bubbles?
Or is this yours, Rick?
He asked whose it was, and poor Ricky said it was his 'cause he that's just the type of guy Ricky is.
He doesn't want me to go to jail.
He knows that I don't like it in there, so he took the fucking heat and he went to jail.
It's okay, Bubs. It's okay, buddy.
Julian's going anyway. It'll be fine.
Careful with him. His heart's...
Hey, Lahey...
That was heroic, Jim.
Your behaviour will not go unnoticed.
Thanks, Ted.
Hey, Ricky, you go to Dartmouth Regional Vocational?
As a matter of fact, I do.
What are you taking?
Different things. Cuff him.
Jim's receiving a big award today, a national award for bravery. It's a big day for him.
I'm honoured to introduce to you, the supervisor of Sunnyvale Trailer Park, Mr. Jim Lahey. (applause)
It's a real honour, ladies and gentlemen, and a real pleasure. Thank you., You know, when someone needs your help you have to help them. In any way you can, , no matter what colour they are no matter what county they live in, and no matter what state you're in.
Thanks for coming out, everybody.
I'll never betray your trust Hi, Randy.
Hi, Mr. Lahey.
Well, fuck, here I am again. Left alone.
Ricky and Julian are back in jail.
I'm not even sure for how long this time.
Gumby and Puffuckeo are in jail with them.
Corey and Trevor, I mean.
That's what Ricky calls them, Gumby and Puffuckeo.
In my line of work, you gott a deal with the consequences and you learn from your mistakes. I have I mean, Corey and Trevor, that was the whole problem It's all their fault.
Thing with me is that... I am smart, and I'm self-smarted basically by myself.
Basically from nature and smoking drugs and doing different things, I've self... like, self-learned myself.
And that's the whole difference, I guess, it's that I don't need the books or the schooling-type things. I just get everything on my own and because of that, I'm alive right now.
I mean, if I'd read more books or tried to go on to college and different things like that, I'd be dead right now.
Because people say books and college are for to be to make you smarter, but they can also be for to be to get you dead, which is what could've happened to me.
My brain doesn't use enough oxygen, 'cause I don't have the whole thing filled with different stuff.
And if it was full, it's only part-full and that's why I'm alive right now.
Guards in here are, "Here, read this book, try to get smarter." I'm like, alright, , I'll pretend to read it. I'm not gonna really read it 'cause then my brain would be more full and if I have another heart attack, I'm gonna die.
I'm gonna go back to reading, figure out a plan.
Soon as I get out, I'm gonna work on that plan.
It's gonna be tight.
And I'm gonna fucking retire in about a year's time.
I just wanna get out of here now and spend time with Lucy and Trinity and get my family going again.
Basically that's all that matters to me.
They come and visit me a couple times in jail for the first time ever, which is awesome.
Lucy seems to be really digging me and looking really good, , and I just wanna get outta here and see them, exercise a bit maybe eat better and try to quit smoking.
Well, I'm gonna quit smoking cigarettes first, and then, you know, work off the dope or whatever eventually.
Although I dunno.
I got out of jail about two months ago. Julian decided he was going to stay in jail, he was making really good money and I'm proud of him but I don't miss jail this time. Working with my dad.
He got me into recycling. It's not great money but it's not bad.
You know, we basically go around and people have their recycles out and they freak out, "Hey, what are you doing, taking my recycles?" and it's like "Hey, it's at the curb. We own it, not you".
And I'm happy with that. I think Lucy's proud of me too.
We're basically back together in my opinion.
Ricky and I are totally not back together. He stays on the front lawn but he's not allowed in the trailer cause I got all these bees coming in with him and just, the smell is too bad, it's not attractive.
Well, I'm not allowed in the trailer. Apparently there's a bit of a smell because of the recycles and there's fucking bees and hornets and wasps and shit everywhere but, she spent Friday night in my car. We got drunk and stuff, so what does that mean?
Lucy loves me and I love her.
Ricky and I have an understanding. He's here for Trin and to help out with the lot fees, especially now that Barb's all freaked about that, fucking whore bitch. And he and I hook up occasionally, but basically I want to keep my options open. You know, like.
Lucy, do you want any of these Old Milawakenee cans with the red, put them up on the cupboards in the kitchen, that would look great.
No, that's cool but thanks. If I need any, I'll come get one.
Oh I got lots here.
Great. Thanks awesome. Thanks man. fuck. Fucker.
Ricky! Ricky! Rick! Ricky! Chill out, it's a bee.
I got stung by one of those bumble cock suckers again.
Do you have any of that bee suave?
Lucy I'm going to work. Gonna get drunk with the old man, alright.
Yeah, go ahead.
Nobody called did they? Any messages?
You know what. I'm not your secretary. I'm not your mom.
And you don't even live here. Get your friends to stop calling here.
Lucy, don't be like that. Come on, my old man's going through a hard time. He needs me right now.
Life is fantastic. I'm telling ya, I've got everything I need now.
A lot of guys have a tough time when they get out of jail making a fresh start, but look I got, I got my truck sleeper, I own that.
I don't pay any lot fees. Power from the trailer next door.
I got all the hot water I need. Free cable. Lahey doesn't know.
Randy doesn't know. Me and Rick are making a great living doing the cans. Bubbles is living back there with me, we got the whole family.
I mean, I, I feel like I'm the luckiest guy in the world.
I mean, so help me god. Help my fuck, it's, life is great.
Tell me what you think of the rat wheel.
You like that? Is that going to be a hit?
After some tense negotiations with Barb Lahey, I worked out a deal where I could move my shed on this lot and just pay half lot fees.
I mean, it's still a lot of money for me, but I've been managing it, just barely.
I've always wanted to open something called the "Kittyland Love Centre", a daycare centre for cats and I've always been too afraid because Mr. Lahey and Randy would just ruin it on me with all the drinking and the craziness. But I'm starting to think this is time. Open up Kittyland.
It's over. I'm breaking up with Mr. Lahey. I've tried everything with him but the drinking is out of control. We tried the twelve steps.
I even drank with him, mixed his drinks. Tried smoking some dope with him to quit the drinking but nothing seemed to work.
He's lost complete control of this trailer park and that's where I draw the line.
Mr. Lahey, Mr. Lahey. What the hell happened? Where's the roof of our car?
Wake up Mr. Lahey. Come on.
Come on Mr. Lahey.
Morning Rand.
What happened to the car? Barb's going to freak.
Geez Rand, I don't remember shit. What are we going to do boy.
You're going to watch this tape Mr. Lahey.
I hope you see what you're really like when you're drunk.
It's over Mr. Lahey. I'm leaving you, for good.
Well, I'm sorry to hear about you and Jim.
If there's one thing I can relate to, it's trying your damnedest to make things work with that man. It is not easy.
Yes Rand?
The reason I stopped by is to tell you that I'll do anything to be the supervisor of this trailer park.
Randy, you didn't leave Jim just because you want to run the park!
No Barb, it's because I care. I've been watching Mr. Lahey really closely for the last few years and I think I can do this. Or I could put out some resumes to some other parks. How can I prove it to you?
Mr. Lahey? Wake up Mr. Lahey.
Hi Deputy Rand, how you doing?
Nice day for the race. What are you doing Rand?
A little surveillance Mr. Lahey.
Doing a little surveillance are you? Well, would you like a little show Rand?
A little, little show, a little Lahey show? That would be nice wouldn't it.
Oh, check this one out. I'm going to do a wrap around.
Oh fuck, look what you made me do Randy.
You want a show?
When was that?
I'll tell you what Randy. There's uh, one particular trailer park resident who has got to go.
That's right, go. So if you can manage to make that happen, i.e. evict that person, then I'm going to know that you are up to the big challenge of running the park and I might see my way to making some kind of arrangement. How does that sound?
That sounds great. Thank you Barb.
Uh, Randy?
Look, look Randy. I'm mowing the air Rand. I'm mowing the air.
You're the best assistant trailer park supervisor anybody ever had.
You get up in the morning, and make me my coffee and you go to the Commission Rand. Now!
Randy turn the fucking thing off. You're embarrassing yourself boy.
I'm taping you Mr. Lahey, so when you're straight, you can watch your little show here. You pissed yourself Mr. Lahey.
Officer uh, Ted Johnson, gave me his, um, his card.
And uh, it's his personal line if ever I should need him.
Now you know he call screens you and Jim for obvious reasons but if you tell him that I gave you this card and call that number, you might find that you get a little bit of help today.
Go slow Randy and don't be afraid to ask for help.
Thanks Barb. Listen I've got some frozen burgers and I was wondering if I could put them in your freezer until I find a new place to live?
Ray! Can you not throw your dirty old piss jugs around please?
Hey Dad, got you some more piss jugs.
Oh excellent boy. You're right on man.
Ray, there's got to be a better system than this peeing in jugs.
You're going to make Barb Lahey mad.
Barb doesn't care Bubbs, it's an empty lot.
It's not like they're right out in the open. Don't worry about it.
Way of the road buddy.
Yeah, I don't know if you noticed or not Ray, but you're not on the road.
Your rig cab doesn't move an inch.
Way of the road, Bubbs.
Ray used to be on the road as a trucker and that's what truckers do.
They're driving along and they've got deadlines to meet, they don't want to pull in, park their truck, walk in, take a pee in the toilet and get back out and get on the road. They just have an old jug.
And they put their bird in it, have a pee, cap it off and once it's full, they just drill the fucking thing out on the highway. I mean, I don't agree with it.
I see where they're coming from, trying to make their deadlines, but Ray's been firing them all over the park, like he's still driving a truck.
Here buddy, get this into you. I'm on my third.
We're getting fucking today.
Ricky! You're supposed to pick Julian up at jail.
He's been calling all morning.
Well, I didn't know. I'm sure he's called Astronaut cock and Snoopy the Fuckdog by now. They'll take care of it.
Who's Astronaut cock and Snoopy the Fuckdog?
The counselors in jail said that we were too dependent on Ricky for our happiness and that that was a bad thing.
They also said that he was like a father to us or something.
Yeah. Then they told us that we had to think more for ourselves.
So we did, and now we have a store. And it's ours. Like it's all ours.
It's Sarah's too, but it's mostly ours.
Well, Corey and Trevor have been out of jail for a little while and I'm really encouraging them to branch out on their own.
One of the things that I think is important for them is that they have something from within to give them self-respect so they're not constantly looking for approval from Ricky and Julian.
So they've started their own convenience store, and I think that's gonna really do a lot for their self-esteem.
It's a pretty big accomplishmet for me to be running a store cause growing up in the park, I always looked up to the guys that were running the store. Almost as much as I looked up to Ricky, but you know, that didn't turn out to be a good thing.
The counselor said I was dependent on him and that I shouldn't do that.
So I was like, well I'll take a negative and turn it into a positive and become a store, a store owner like all the guys I looked up to as a kid.
Morning gentlemen. Did you see Randy about?
No dude. But I heard you broke up with the cheeseburger walrus?
Onion ring sasquatch!
You better step off Mr. Lahey.
Step off where Trevor? shit ledge.
Excuse me! What the hell is Stop acting hard in the store Mr. Lahey!
Excuse me! Trevor! Trevor, drop him.
Stay there.
These guys were juxtaposing unusual animal names and greasy fat food products, calling Randy names.
Is that true, you were calling Randy names?
I called him a cheeseburger walrus.
I called him an onion ring sasquatch cause he is!
You guys stop it right now!
Mr. Lahey. Look we'll give you whatever you want on the house, okay?
What can I get you?
Couple of packs of smokes.
Two of packs of smokes, let's go.
Do you want some matches, Mr.Lahey?
Shove em Trevor.
Jail has been awesome this time. Like I'm saying, it's been so good I decided to stay a couple of extra months.
It turns out that two of the prison guards used to go to high school with me so basically I've been able to do whatever the hell I want to in here. Let's go, let's go. So, I took this online real estate course, started making potato vodka and I sold a shitload. Like after paying the capper and the pumper, I cleared eighty-six hundred bucks. Alright guys, as soon as it's gone, it's gone.
I'm going home today. So when I get out today, I'm going to take every cent I got and invest it in real estate. I'm going to buy and sell property.
And make a shitload of money. Like I'm talking serious money.
Retirement money. And it's all legal.
Hello? Corey and Trevor speaking. Hey Julian.
I was so proud of Corey and Trevor today. Julian called from jail and asked them to come pick him up which normally they wouldn't be able to say no to, and they said no, right away.
They didn't even ask. So it looks like Julian's going to have to find a couple of suckers in the park to do his dirty work. fuck, I didn't think anybody was going to pick me up. Right on boys.
Hop in man.
Julian, I got two special ladies I want you to meet, you know what I'm saying.
This here is Erin and that's Rhonda, you know what I'm saying.
Jules, check it out. I'm going to be a dad, ma-fucker, not once but two times, dawg, two times.
Congratulations man.
Thanks ma-fucker, you know what I'm saying. shit's changing B.
What do you mean?
Hey, you ladies want to roll inside for a minute while I talk to Jules, you know what I'm saying. Peace out. Peace out little ma-fck. Peace out.
Alright there. Peace out, peace out little ma-fuck. Take care of those little ma-fcks.
Aight! Jules, I'm going to have to leave the rap game dawg straight.
See I told you man, serious man.
You serious?
Yeah man.
Dead serious dawg.
It's a sad day, but he knows what he gotta do.
Raise his kids, try and become a man.
Now I needs scrilla cause I got big responsibilities up my candy, don't I?
I needs scrilla you know what I'm saying for formula, high chairs, you know what I'm saying, strollers for those little ma-fuckers once they born, once they drop. Barb all up my grill talking bout how I'm behin in my lot fees, she going to kick me out of the park.
Calm down man, relax man, relax.
No, it's going to be aight, I know everything's going to be aight, but right now it's just hord! You own me fifty bucks dawg.
For what?
Bam! Uh, what?! Bam! Made a spoiler for you dawg!
J Roc, it's made out of hockey sticks and a piece of wood.
Yeah, but it's ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-tight!
And it's eight hours custom man?
Saying, you down?
You feeling it?
Yeah, I guess so.
Aight! Then holler at me with some scrilla and I guess we tight. fuck, I'll give you twenty bucks. fucking bee Ricky. fucking bee, get it Ricky. Get it, get that fucker.
How are you buddy?
Hey Bubbs!
Hey buddy!
How was jail?
Really good Rick.
Listen Julian, do you want to get some money together for a trailer, come work with me and the old man. We made seventy bucks last week recycling.
Seventy bucks each?
No, thirty bucks each, but it was easy. Really easy.
Ray, that doesn't add up.
Moving on bud.
Well, thanks for the offer Rick but I made eighty-six hundred bucks in jail.
Yup, selling vodka.
Holy sweet fuck Julian, that's a lot of cake.
So I'm going to get into real estate boys. I'm going to buy a few trailers, fix them up, sell em, make a few bucks. Got it all figured out.
We should get drunk later and celebrate. That's incredible.
Sounds good Rick. Actually, I gotta go talk to Lahey anyway.
Get a new trailer. So after that, we're getting drunk.
I don't know if you want to go talk to Lahey today.
Him and Randy broke up today.
Over the liquor. It's serious this time too because Randy cleared out the freezer of all his burgers.
So who's supervising the park then?
Barb, I guess.
Which basically means we can do whatever the fuck we want now.
Hey Rand. We have to talk bud. Where are you going to live?
Not with you, that's for sure.
What are you doing talking to Barb?
None of your business. Frig off Mr. Lahey.
Hey, welcome back sexian. I mean, Julian.
Is everything okay Randy?
None of your bees wax Julian. But know this, things are going to be a lot different around here from now on. A lot different.
Hey, hey, listen, I didn't come here to fight okay. Chill out.
So, I bet you're glad to be back on the park Julian, but you know what?
You're looking good. You obviously did some working out in prison, those muscles.
Yeah, a little bit. But I got my real estate diploma in there.
Oh really?
So I want to get into real estate. So, I'm looking for a trailer and a lot.
Nothing fancy, you know. Something I can fix up, move into for a little while, sell and make some money.
Anything available.
Oh, I'm sure we can come up with something. But I would need the money upfront, I'm sure you appreciate that.
Oh, of course.
This should be enough for a trailer and here's one year's lot fees.
So when can this happen?
Well, as a matter of fact, there's a trailer coming up this afternoon.
There's some issues with the lot, but I'm sure we can sort something out.
Thanks for coming down. Look, Mr. Lahey is not the reason that I called.
It's I just need some help with, look, the whole park it's going to shit and I didn't really know what to do and I'm really sorry for calling your personal line.
Randy, you know, it's alright. Just relax. I've already talked to Barb.
She told you about the eviction?
Yeah, she did. And she also told me to tell you that you can't be trailer park supervisor and the assistant supervisor just doesn't have the authority to do an eviction.
But, she did tell me you can be associate trailer park supervisor.
That's a promotion.
Right on!
And uh, I heard you broke up with Jim Lahey and I gotta say, good for you. I don't know how you put up with that guy for so long.
It was really tough Officer.
Hey, why don't you call me Ted?
And Randy, you know, I can relate. I just went through a bad break up myself.
Somebody I work with down at the station for years.
But I'm doing good now.
You look good.
Thanks Randy. Now let's go do this eviction.
[singing] His name is Duke. And he is a good cat.
Cops, cops. There's Randy with no pants on.
Julian, there's your new trailer. Ray, you're a squatter, you don't pay your lot fees, you stole your hydro, you been playing loud music, and you been throwing around these urine containers all over the park. As Associate Trailer Park Supervisor, I am here to inform you, you are evicted from Sunnyvale, effective immediately.
What the fuck are you talking about? You can't evict him.
You don't have fucking authority to evict him Randy.
Frig off!
What kind of a cop lets a man with no shirt and no pants into his police cruiser?
I think it's just a scare tactic. Cause who wants to grab a hold of Randy when he's just in his underwear, then there's just that one piece of fabric separating you from his, from his package.
Cause I mean, when he has his pants on, he can only get his legs so far apart and he's, doesn't have that much balance.
But when he's in his underwear, you know, he can get like a football player and he's hard to knock over then. Big coagulated gravy hot dog bun bastard.
You're not evicting me. I'm leaving, you hear me buddy.
You think I want to stay here. You know what makes the park great buddy?
It's the people. You can't treat people this way pal. I don't want to stay here.
You're going to turn Sunnyvale into Shittyvale, you and fucky the drunk clown, you hear me?
I don't agree with kicking Ray out of the park. I mean, I do see the point that the trailer park has here that Ray doesn't pay lot fees and he lives in a old rig sleeper there, he's basically a squatter and he does throw a lot of piss jugs around. Nobody enjoys those.
You know something buddy? Oh fuck, that's great.
You know what, I'm going to a much better place than this anyway.
You know, you wouldn't even understand it. It's close to hospitals, churches, the L.C., it's luxury beyond your wildest dreams pal.
You know, you think you've done okay for yourself don't ya.
Yeah, go climbing the social ladder. Gone from drunk male prostitute to associate trailer park supervisor.
You'll pay for this Randy.
Way to go, Mr. Ambitious!
Frig off Randy!
When my dad got kicked out of the park, I was really pissed off.
But I talked to him about it and he's actually pretty cool with the whole idea.
I got a truck coming to get his rig sleeper and all of his stuff.
And I guess he found this great place, lots of nature and animals running around. And a lot of open space and he says he's got free cable and everything's included with his rent and his rent's really cheap I guess. I just can't wait to check it out, it sounds like he's got a really, really nice place to live.
That feels pretty level Dad.
Think that's got it buddy. Listen, thanks for the tow. I really appreciate it.
No problem. You sure you won't come back to the park?
No. Not as long as those two dicks are there.
Lahey and Randy running the place, I'm never coming back Rick.
Alright. Well, I gotta take off.
Okay buddy?
You okay?
Yup, fine.
Listen Ricky. Don't tell anyone I'm living at the dump okay.
You got it Dad.
Ricky! Watch the bike!
Sorry Randy. I didn't even see it, bud.
Stop by the cheeseburger picnic today guys.
Nice quotes Randy. Looks official.
The Police and Randy would like to talk to you.
Let's take control of our park. What's that mean?
What's with the cops, Randy?
Why don't you stop by and find out Julian. How's Lucy Ricky?
Better yet, how's Ray?
What the fuck did you say to mean? Onion rings, large fries, Mr. Gravy.
Look, look. Let's just relax here guys. Let's just relax, okay?
Today's the day that everyone just took a little cheeseburger picnic and fuck off.
Frig off Ricky.
Stop right there Jim. What do you want?
You're looking good.
Oh thanks Jim.
I came to tell you that I've been doing some drinking.
I'm not saying I have a problem Barb, but if I did have a problem, maybe it would be alcoholism.
Oh, you think that might be the case?
Ricky? What is all this shit you're throwing around? What's your problem?
My problem is Randy. Randy and this new associate supervisor, shooting off and acting hard, it's bullshit.
Well you know what, he is the associate trailer park supervisor.
He deserves our respect.
Randy deserves our respect? Why Lucy, cause you're banging him?
Oh my god. I can't believe you just said that.
Well I can't believe you banged Randy. Lucy went out with Randy a few years ago and I just can't get passed it. I can't.
I've tried and it just, it drives me nuts. fucking Randy.
You're not going to his little cheeseburger picnic today, are you?
Tell me that's not why you're wearing your nice clothes.
It's been a really long time since anything fun has happened in this park, so I'm absolutely going to go to this picnic.
I'm going to cut a little loose, big deal.
Now Lucy, if you're drinking, don't smoke weed, smoke hash.
Cause we all know what happens when you're smoking weed drunk around other guys.
Ha, ha, that's nice.
And if you're going to the little cheeseburger picnic today, be sure of a big surprise, cause it's getting ruined by me.
Okay, I've been sober for fourteen hours now Barb. I've been thinking.
Everything that's ever gone wrong with Sunnyvale, everything with me, with everyone, always goes back to Julian, Bubbles and Ricky.
And the liquor Jim, okay? Let's not forget the liquor.
That's why I want to dry out Barb, and I realize I can't do it without your help.
And one big favour I have to ask you. I want to stay here with you for one week until I find my own place. Look, Randy doesn't have a place to stay, he can use the supervisor's trailer, he deserves it.
And what about Ricky and Bubbles and Julian? I mean, this whole thing isn't going to disintegrate into a big nasty horror show again, is it?
If I don't drink, it won't. Barb, you know those boys belong in jail.
And with my police training, I can't sit idly by and watch them break the law over and over and over again. But, I think I know how I can get them back behind bars for a long, long time, Barb.
Hey Bubbs, check it out.
Don't you get it? The fishing rod is my cock.
Rick, it's not funny. I'm trying to work here, okay?
Well let's go down to the cheeseburger picnic and get drunk and fuck with Randy.
Let's get drunk, do some drugs and go to the cheeseburger picnic and fuck around with Randy.
Rick, I can't hear you.
I can hear you.
Julian! The vacuum cleaner is my cock.
Come on Julian, that's funny. Lighten up.
Rick, I'm trying to work.
Do you want anything down at the store? I'm getting chips, pop and a bar.
No, I'm cool Bubbs.
How'd you hear him?
I was reading his lips, Ricky.
Well read these lips Julian! I'm getting drunk as fuck, I'm doing drugs, and I'm going to the cheeseburger picnic and I am fucking with Randy.
Make my words. You don't think that's funny?
What about this Julian?
I'm banging Frosty the fucking Snowman. That's not funny? You gotta chill out man.
Would you talk to him?
What am I going to do?!
He can't go to that picnic Bubbs.
Whenever I'm sober, the boys are careful. They're scared of me, cause they know what I'll do so they're cautious, it's hard to catch them.
But when I'm drinking, their shit guards are down and they fuck up.
But the problem is, is when I'm drinking, I fuck up too. A lot Barb.
I gotta be drinking but not drinking. You see. The only way to do that is to pretend. I am going to pretend to be drunk, collect evidence and build a solid case against them. Sober as a judge, I'm going to show up today at the cheeseburger picnic and I'm going to pretend to be a drunken idiot. And why? shit guards Barb. shit guards.
Hey boys.
Hey Bubbs.
Bubbles, what's up man?
What's up?
Not much. How are you dude?
Boys, can you set me up with chips, pop and a bar? I got no money boys.
Dude, that's cool. You're credit's good man. How's Julian?
How's Ricky doing?
Did they call us or anything?
Do they need any dope? Do they have anyone working with them?
They might need mix, man. Do they miss us?
Boys, take a cigarette break. Calm down.
Do you think you could bring these down, give them to Ricky and tell him they're from the Trevster.
I'm not running your cigarettes for you Trevor, like some old cigarette pirate. You tell him yourself. I'm going down there right now.
Come with me.
He just invited us to go hang out with Ricky and Julian. Do you want to go?
I would dude, but we gotta run the store.
I think we should go.
Julian, what's wrong with you man?
Rick, I've got a lot of work to do and I've been doing it by myself okay?
Hey boys.
Bubbs, what's going on?
Not much. Remember when I asked you if you wanted anything at the store and you said no.
Oh right on guys, let's go in my fucking car. You're going with me today.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Ricky, they're working for me today.
I don't think so. Let's go in the fucking car.
Listen Rick, I already hired them. They're working for me. Okay?
I'm taking these guys.
Would you guys stop fighting. Just take one each.
Fine. I'm taking Corey. He's smarter than Trevor.
No he's not. I'm taking Corey.
Trevor is fucked in the head, I'm taking Corey.
Ricky, did you not notice how long Trevor's arms are?
They're like alien garbage scooping arms.
Trevor, get over here. Let me see your arms.
See, look at them.
Alright, I'll take Trevor, but this better not get fucked up. Let's go Trev.
Ricky, can I just have one sec to talk to Corey before we hit the road.
Hurry the fuck up.
What's wrong with you dude? Go?
We cool with this?
Course I'm cool with it dude Let's go Trev, that's a second. Let's go, get in the fucking car.
You totally deserve this man.
Just one second Ricky.
Dude, I'm so proud of you.
Just one fucking second Trevor (shouting)
Man, go do this. Make us proud. We've been working for this.
You're not jealous I'm going to be hanging out with Ricky all the time now?
Not jealous at all dude. Not at all. Love you man. Give me a call if you need me.
Just a second Ricky.
We've always worked together, we've never been apart from each other so it's a little bit strange and I'm not sure I'm that comfortable with it.
But it's something we have to try I guess and we have to get over that whole threshold and see what we can do.
Yo, Ricky, wait up. Just a second. Listen, since I was cool with you taking one of my workers, you've got to promise me something.
Do not show up to the cheeseburger picnic and fuck things up.
Lahey and Randy, not together. That's a volatile situation Ricky.
Could be dangerous.
So we gotta keep Randy as an ally until I figure it out, okay? Is that cool?
Fine, I won't show up at the little cheeseburger picnic, fucking Randy!
I'm getting drunk today Julian. So whatever happens isn't my fault anyway.
Remember that. Get in the fucking car, Trevor.
What did that mean? Did he promise us or not?
Hello. It's Terry, checking the uh road for safety.
Alright Trev, it's clear.
Basically, here's how it works. I mean, there's sometimes people throw out good stuff, most times they don't. So if we see some nice stuff up on someone's lawn, Trevor goes up, he grabs the stuff and basically he's doing them a favour. He's throwing it out for them, putting it to the curb. That's putting out their garbage. It's not stealing, he can't get charged for that. He's not taking it, he's just taking it from there and bringing it down to the curb.
That's it Trev, bring it to the curb. Then it's garbage.
Am I almost to the curb?
No, you're not even close.
Trevor, what the fuck are you doing? What's wrong with you today?
I miss Corey, that's what's wrong with me.
You miss Corey?!
I got a tough job. I mean, I'm the one that has to do all the thinking here, all the planning. And I didn't expect one of my workers to just have a complete and utter nervous breakdown.
Trev, I miss Lucy today too, but I'm not breaking down and crying.
You gotta be a man. Start thinking for yourself. Today I should be fucking with Randy, but I got a bunch of shit to work out with Lucy so that's being a man. You see what I'm saying?
Now get your shit together, get the stuff down to the curb, then it's garbage.
It's not stealing. Just put it over by the curb Trev. Once it's at the curb, it's garbage, so I come along and I take it. I'm just taking people's garbage.
That's not stealing. So if he's not stealing, Who's stealing? nobody.
It's perfectly fine. Hey Trev, you got bus fare?
Alright get the 59 home. Thanks for the help bud.
Take a picture Rick. It lasts longer. fuck off, bo-bandy.
Hey Bubbs, how's Kittyland going?
It's going alright Trin. It's coming together.
Hey Dad.
Hey Trin, how's school going?
Oh great.
Ricky, what are you doing here?
Just dropping a couple of things off Trevor stole. Don't worry about it.
What are you up to Ricky?
Nothing eh? Look me in the eye. You're up to something.
You're going to do something, I can tell.
Bubbles, I'm not even going to Randy's little cheeseburger get-together okay?
So what can I possibly do? It's cool. I'm going to see Ray all afternoon, don't worry about it. Trin, you gotta get the serial numbers off that bike.
There's cops around everywhere.
There's one down at the bottom and there's one at the back, okay?
See you sweetie.
See ya Bubbs.
See ya Ricky.
Well, I didn't really want to come to the cheeseburger picnic, to be honest. I wanted to just stay back at my shed at home there where it's safe, but Julian wanted to come down so I came.
I just wanted to keep my eye on Randy because he's up to something.
Have you guys seen Corey and Trevor?
Nope, haven't seen them?
Huh. Do you have Corey and Trevor today?
Sarah, I said I haven't seen them.
You're smoking weed aren't you Sarah?
No. Hey, check Lucy out. I think she's gearing up for a little off time from Ricky.
I thought she was happy he wasn't doing crime or shit anymore.
Julian, Ricky smells like garbage. And bees chase him around. God!
Lucy, let's get drinks.
Well Sarah was baked. Then you know, Lucy of course, she was baked because those two gets baked together.
Sarah was really baked.
She was ripped up pretty hard.
She was laughing at pretty much nothing. Just words.
Somebody would say a word and she'd start laughing.
It was easy to tell Lucy was baked. She was trying to bang every guy at the picnic.
Oh please.
Please what?
Enough with the sexual references.
Had enough for you, George?
Whatever you want, Luce.
I think your friend Sarah is looking for you.
Hmmm, this is yummy.
I saw her coming on to you, don't let Ricky see this tape.
Hello Julian. Hello. You know what, Trinity has been asking about you.
Have you been smoking weed? Huh?
A little bit. You know, you should come over and have a couple of drinks.
Listen, you should tame it down. Tame it down.
I should tame it down? You want me to tame it down. How tame do you want me to be.
Lucy, I don't think Ricky would appreciate this okay?
Yeah boy!
Hey Dad.
Hey buddy.
We're going to have some fun today, let me tell you.
You bring the liquor?
Oh yeah.
Alright, come on in. Need a hand?
No, we're good.
Here buddy, put her down.
Beer. Hard stuff. Good dope.
Thanks buddy. Oh shit.
I got Lucy's cell phone. Let's get drunk, smoke one of these and let's make some calls.
Randy, is that the end of the burgers?
Yeah Barb, we're getting low.
What do you mean, we're getting low? There's five cases back in my trailer.
Barb keep it down, those are my personal burgers.
Randy, your burgers are the park's burgers now.
Barb, end of discussion.
It's that guy right there, with the big gut. Randy, Red Hot Chili Peppers are here to deliver your pizzas.
I didn't order any pizzas. Barb, did you order any pizzas?
Anyone here named Randy order any pizzas?
Sorry bud, you gotta take them back.
People started showing up. Taxi drivers, plumbers, electricians, flower guy, a guy showed up with a stuff fox for sale or something that Ricky ordered here.
What is going on here?
I don't know.
Randy, did you call these guys?
I didn't call any of these fucking guys.
The cheeseburger picnic was going along you know, just fine until Randy got up and gave his speech.
Hello everybody. Thanks a lot for coming out to the cheeseburger picnic.
I just want to remind everyone that it's only one cheeseburger per park resident.
Does that go for you too Randy? How many did you drive into that big fucking cheeseburger locker?
Very funny Bubbles. I'd also like to extend a very special thank you to my friends down at the Police Department for coming down.
Thanks guys. I'm sure you've all heard by now that I'm the new Associate Trailer Park Supervisor. Now that I'm in charge, things are going to change in Sunnyvale. Big time!
I'm going to clean this park up.
For those of you who pay your lot fees, keep your trailers in good shape and don't break any of the rules, you've got nothing to worry about.
For everybody else, newsflash! Zero tolerance.
You're days are numbered. I can promise, along with my friends at the Police Department that you will be escorted out of Sunnyvale personally. Enjoy the cheeseburgers everybody.
Hello everybody.
Oh gummy bears.
Oh, he's fucking wasted again, Julian.
You probably all heard that I was fired as supervale of the Sunny parts, park.
It's not true. I quit.
And you want to know why? You want to know why.
Cause I don't give a shit.
I really don't Julian. This place is a dump. You have my permission to do whatever you want any time, any place, and you don't have to listen to Pillsbandy Dough Boy or Team Sexy.
Oh my god.
Listen, I'll tell you what. I'll have a little drink, celebrate your little picnicey.
That's a shame.
My god, what a fucking drunk horror show.
The cheeseburger picnic was goig great. Barb and Ted said I did a real good job. Then the shit storm broke out. All these contractors and companies showed up. They're all looking for Randy, where's Randy? Randy's got to pay for this.
Hi Sam.
Hey Randy. Do you want to sign this so I can get started please?
Sign what?
It's a purchase order.
Purchase order for what?
To pave the park.
I didn't call to have the park paved.
I got an emergency call to get down here and pave the park right away.
Sign it so I can get started.
I didn't do it Sam. I didn't call ya. fuck, there's your name. Randy Bo-bandy. Now sign it so I can get started.
He said he didn't call, Sam.
Bo-bandy? I didn't call. I didn't call.
Once I start that truck, I'm on the fucking clock. Okay.
So sign it so I can get started.
I'm not signing shit. Why don't you go back and pave your cave, you fucking cave man.
What the fuck did you call me?
Well, you are a cave man, Sam.
Yeah, a fucking cave man. Get out of here.
Listen burger boy, you fucking pay me right now. You pay me right now.
Randy. Sam. Sam. Randy.
Alright, you guys are under arrest for breach of the peace. motherfuckers, every time I come down here.
Ted, it's not my fault.
I gotta deal with you here Randy.
Ted, this is bullshit. I was just trying to have a nice cheeseburger picnic and it got all fucked up. Son of a bitch. For fuck's sake, this is fucking bullshit.
[Whistling] Hey Bill. Hey, got her all fixed up bud.
Thanks a lot Mr. Lahey. I'm a little behind in my lot fees.
Could I pay you later maybe?
No problem buddy.
Thanks a lot.
Take it easy, Jim.
Looking good Jim. Looking good. Listen, that was amazing what you just pulled off at that picnic. I was so proud of you.
You are a good actor. You know what, I think you should get back into doing those plays at the Blandford Recreation Centre. Man.
It wouldn't be the same without Bo-bandy.
Listen, you know, I understand why you miss Randy.
The more I get to know him, the more I respect him.
He's one in a million Barb.
I don't know why you're arresting me. This clearly wasn't my fault.
It was Sam Losco's fault. That guy, he's dangerous, you should be keeping a close eye on him, I don't trust him.
That's alright Randy. Now you're not really under arrest, but I had to put you in the car cause I didn't want anybody thinking I was playing favourites.
I like your style Randy but I can't have you driving around in the cruiser with no shirt on. I don't want to ask you to do this, but do you mind?
Lucy, what the fuck?
What the fuck are you doing here? You're not supposed to be here.
You're not even allowed in here anymore.
Who's in here smoking dope with you?
Nobody, yeah right.
Nobody's in here.
Oh, you greasy bastard George. I can't believe Officer Dicklock is in here Lucy, handcuffed to the shower.
Ricky, what are you doing here? Lucy, give me the keys to these cuffs.
Nice underwear George.
No hard feelings eh, Rick. You know, we're just kind of No talking George, no talking. Well Lucy, based on this little situation, I propose that we take a little break.
That's a great proposal but can we talk about this later. It's kind of awkward right now. You know what, just get your shit, get it off the front lawn. Get your car out of here, we'll fucking talk about this later.
Fine, I'm leaving.
Okay, well take that with you.
I'll still be here for Trin, Lucy, but I'm gone.
Okay, go.
I don't want your drink.
Talk at you later, bye.
See you Luce.
You know what? Everyone in this park has changed.
I don't know what's going on.
I mean, Lucy's banging cops now and, it's no big deal I guess, I mean, I don't run Lucy, she's for to be her own woman, but, for me now, I'm just going to concentrate on my business try to get that going better.
Get my dad working for me again.
Basically show Corey and Trevor how to run a fucking business cause those dicks and their little fucking stupid store are starting to piss me off.
I mean, all they do is sit around and get stoned eating gummy bears and watching Channel 10.
For Channel 10 local business live, I'm Steve Rogers.
If you'd like to have a local business profiled live on Channel 10, please give me a call.
I'm Steve Rogers.
Hi Mr. Rogers, it's Corey and Trevor, from Corey and Trevor's Convenience Store here in Sunnyvale.
We've opened the first independent convenience store, maybe you can put us on your show.
Hey, Corey and Trevor's Convenience could really use the support of Channel 10 and I love your show man, thanks.
I hope he picks us.
Mr. Rogers, nice to speak to you like this um, anyway, I'm calling about a new business I'm opening called the Kittyland Love Centre.
It's a cat day care centre and I'd like to get the word out that I'm open for business and I'm calling from the Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Sunnyvale Trailer Park, do you know Corey and Trevor from Corey and Trevor's Convenience?
Yeah, I know those dickweeds.
Well as a matter of fact, we're going to be heading up there live at four and five to do a profile with them.
How about we go live with Kittyland at 6:30, the magazine show?
6:30 tonight?
Ricky! What in the name of sweet fuck are you doing?!
Lucy wanted this stuff off her lawn Bubbles.
There's nowhere else to put it.
It's still good, I'm not going to throw it out.
Oh my god, Ricky.
I've got Channel 10 coming here to do a live news story.
What do you mean, Channel 10?
They're going to do a story on Corey and Trevor but they're coming to do one on Kittyland in less than six hours Ricky.
I can't have all this garbage here.
Look there's piss jugs in here.
With the TV coming Ricky.
Do you know how fucked up that would be?
You can't have a TV program that shows piss jugs.
Well Bubbs, I mean, I'm starting my own business too called Garbageland.
Garbageland! Garbageland! Ricky!
All Ricky did was take a perfectly good name that I came up with, Kittyland, stuck his name Garbage on the front of it, and came up with Garbageland.
And people are coming up to me.
Oh, you've got Kittyland going do you Bubbles, you must have gotten the idea from Ricky's Garbageland, did you?
It's the other way around!!
I think Bubbles should stop being so fucking selfish and help with Garbageland.
The thing he doesn't understand is that people will come for garbage or buy garbage are going to have cats.
It's going to be alright, I promise.
Just make sure I got on TV with you and I can promotional Garbageland alright?
You can't call it Garbageland if you're going on TV with me.
Well, Ricky's Used Stuff, does that work?
I guess so. Let's just do it.
My business isn't exactly the kind of business you want to promote on TV because you know, I've got quite a bit of stolen renovation supplies around the park.
And yes it is kind of greasy but, you know, I'm fixing up the trailers and I'm going to sell them eventually so it's a good business move.
So I think today the best thing for me to do is to lay low, maybe work on my deck or do some interior work or something.
I'm working really hard these days with Julian.
Uh, we're getting to hang out quite a bit.
He needs someone to help him with renovations and building installation and stuff like that so I'm dealing with a lot of the transport and the delivery of really important materials to get stuff done.
This is Officer Jim Lahey, ex-Officer Jim Lahey, doing surveillance on Julian who appears to be renovating his trailer with stolen building materials and tools.
For the purposes of this surveillance, I will appear to be intoxicated but I am in fact sober. This, for the record, is iced tea.
Begin surveillance.
Corey, here.
Hey, maybe I could keep those boxes for Trevor?
No, get rid of the boxes.
Corey, I told you to get rid of these signs.
Hey, listen Randy asked me if I'd fix Bill and Alvena's lattice work.
Some little shit's kicked it in.
I need some three inch galvanized spikes, you got any?
Nails, let's go.
Hey Jules, you want a little drinky poo?
No, I'm fine Jim.
You sure bud.
Oh, thanks Jules.
Listen, you gotta learn how to pace yourself okay?
No, I don't.
Nice cologne Jules.
I wish Randy and Lahey would get back together because this sexy talk is starting to drive me nuts.
Sexy this, sexy that, you smell good Julian.
He's hugging me. He actually tried to kiss me the other day.
I don't know, it's just making me feel really, really uneasy.
Suspect acted suspiciously.
Was belligerent, sexy and behaved as if he had somethingto hide.
Surveillance terminated.
Hello Randy here.
Hi Randy, this is Steve Rogers.
Barb Lahey gave me your number.
I'm here with the truck.
We'd like to do a live profile on several of your residents who have their own small business.
I have the Live truck, we'd like to ask you to help us coordinate the production tonight.
This is frigging Ricky isn't it?
Well, I'm not falling for any more of your dumb tricks Ricky.
No more of your bullshit.
I know you frigging ruined the Cheeseburger Picnic.
Randy, this is Steve Rogers.
I can see you. You're not wearing a shirt.
Take a look out your window.
Take a second to get yourself together bud. I'm Steve Rogers.
Good, well he'll be out any minute I'm sure.
And I know he will do his very best to help you in any way that he can, so if there's anything that he doesn't come up with, you just let me know and I certainly will.
I'll be happy to.
My apologies.
It really is you.
No problem Randy, I'm Steve Rogers. Who's Ricky?
Oh he's this jerk who lives here. He thinks he's so big Oh Randy, I want you to take Mr. Steve Rogers and show him around the park.
Help him with his broadcast in any way you can.
It's a great opportunity for Sunnyvale. Live television Randy.
Is there a problem Randy?
Well, it's just that there's these guys who live here, could cause trouble, right Barb?!
Well, they're not And with those guys around, I don't think it's a great idea to go live.
Look Randy, I'm a journalist.
I've been a journalist for a while now.
I know news. I know good news stories.
I can take care of myself.
I just need someone to show me around the park, help me tap into the cable so we can go live.
You think you can handle that.
There's not going to be a problem, is there Randy?
No problem Barb. I can do it.
Ricky, I cannot believe how many piss jugs your dad's left around the park.
Look at these things.
Can you please try to explain to me why your dad would opt to piss in non biodegradable containers instead of just pissing on a tree like a normal person?
Bubbles, it's not his fault. He's a trucker.
Truckers do things a little differently alright. They can't have time to stop.
It's not their fault. It's the way he learned how to piss.
Ricky, your dad hasn't been a trucker in twenty years.
You're telling me it's a trucker's fault.
Bubbles, it's the way of the road. fucking way of the road.
Here's some loose ones.
The ironic thing is I need to piss really bad now.
Lahey, what the fuck do you want?
Just doing my job Rick. Cleaning up the park.
I brought you a couple of high quality items Ricky.
Free of charge.
I can have this stuff?
Absolutely, my son.
I think that Lahey's so god- damned wasted these days is great.
I mean, we could never of opened up these business before in the park and now we can do whatever the fuck we want.
Let him keep drinking.
Get the fuck out of here you god-damned drunk fucking clown.
God bless you boy.
Neil, how we looking? Reception good? Let's do it.
It is just amazing the way you can set up just anywhere.
I'm Steve Rogers broadcasting live from Sunnyvale Trailer Park, tonight in high definition. More on that later.
We'll meet Corey and Trevor and talk about their brand new convenience store here in the park.
And later, we'll meet Bubbles and talk about his cat day care centre, the Kittyland Love Centre. All this at five.
Isn't this technology amazing! This is definitely going onto my reel.
Okay Horatio, Danny, let's go to our next location, the convenience store.
Who's that?
I, a local eccentric.
Randy, would you get on your bike and take care of that.
Sure Barb.
Randy never understood how hard it was to be in charge, running this park.
Well, now he's learning, the hard way.
Ricky, what in the frig are you doing with the urine containers?
I'm not going to fight you Rick, I gotta go get Lahey.
I'm doing your fucking job Randy.
This should've been cleaned up from the park a long time ago.
There's piss jugs everywhere.
They're your father's urine containers Rick.
My father's.
How do you know they're not Lahey's, he's driving around here drunk.
They're not my fucking dad's. Deal with it Randy.
Don't frig with me today Ricky. Not today!
How's it going, Randy man?
Not too good Mr. Lahey.
Ricky threw a bunch of piss jugs up on my roof.
Running the park isn't as easy as you thought it would be, is it boy.
I think I'm running it better than you ever did Mr. Lahey.
Oh, is that right, Randy? That's my lunch.
Look, I need some work done.
I don't have time to stand around here and argue with you.
I need two things done.
Number one, go around the park and collect all the piss jugs and take them to the dump.
Get rid of them. They can't be seen on TV.
Number two, you can't be seen on TV.
You're too drunk Mr. Lahey. It's an embarrassment to this park.
Look, Barb's really excited about this. Now go collect the piss jugs.
Ricky, I don't know about this.
I'm starting to think maybe we should just clear all your stuff out and just focus on Kittyland.
Bubbles, what are you talking about? This is my business.
This is my life now.
You promised Bubbles, if I organized this and got it all together that I'd be going on Channel 10 to promote it.
Yeah, but Ricky, Steve Rogers is a powerful man.
I don't know if you realize that.
Like, if this gets screwed up, it could ruin everything.
It's not going to get screwed up. How could it?
Will you just promise me you'll use some sense of decorum on the TV?
Bubbles, what are you worried about? Of course I'll use demoracum on the TV.
Some people are saying my dad's fucked because he lives at the god-damned dump, well let me tell you this. My dad is not fucked.
He's taught me a lot of good stuff, and one thing he taught me recently is that one man's garbage is another man person's good ungarbage.
And I''m going to roll with tha.
Sometimes you gotta do things to help your friends out even if you don't know how things are going to go.
Poor Ray down at the dump there, peeing in jugs, seagulls pooping on him, old dump bugs licking at him when he's trying to sleep.
What are you doing here?
Oh, I'm uh, just throwing some piss jugs for Randy.
Oh yeah, okay.
You working here now?
Uh no, no Jimmie, I'm uh, I'm I live here now, you know.
Randy thing in the park so I moved out.
Yeah, it's nice. You know, you know. It's coming along.
Check it out. TV, satellite TV, 100 channels at least you know.
Hey, you should check out Channel 10 this afternoon. Steve, uh Steve Rogers. Yeah?
Right, coming live from Sunnyvale.
No way. You going to be on?
No, uh, new businesses. Bubbles and Kittyland and Ricky.
Oh yeah, Ricky's doing a garbage thing there eh. Doing good.
Good. Want to sit down or got time for a Oh no, no, I'll tell you what.
I'll uh, I'll figure out something else to do with these piss jugs Ray.
I appreciate that buddy. That'd be great.
Listen, uh, here. There's a few more.
If you wouldn't mind taking these with you, that'd be great.
I'll just put them in your car there, if that's alright.
Just stick them in the back here like that, is that alright?
That's great bud.
So, uh Channel 10.
Channel 10.
This afternoon.
Listen, that'd be great.
So uh, Jimmie, just give me one, just uh, you know, just don't tell anybody I'm living here, okay?
Hey, no problem bud.
There we go.
Look, if I put a little piece of rope on that, there's no way anything is getting out of that.
No, it's pretty secure Bubbs.
Oh my god, the first live hit's coming on Ricky.
We're broadcasting live from the Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
A very special broadcast tonight.
Shooting entirely in high definition widescreen television, compliments of Simm Video.
Looks pretty good.
It's in high def Ricky.
Look how much clearer it is.
First up on the show, Corey and Trevor of Corey and Trevor's new independently owned convenience store.
Hi guys, tell me how you got started.
Well, we were hanging out down at the store a lot and Dean said we couldn't hang out there and we had to find some place else to hang out so we were just like, screw this, let's just start our own store right here in the park. fucking stupid those guys look.
Oh my god, look at Trevor. He looks like an alien.
Our own store right here in the park.
So what's selling for you these days?
I'm glad you asked that Steve.
Our top sellers are single cigarettes and these brand new DVDs and they're all new because they haven't even been out yet.
Corey just admitted they're selling illegal DVDs, that's brilliant Corey.
Now let me get this straight, you're selling ripped DVDs and individual cigarettes now, you know that's illegal, right?
Oh, can we tape this again.
We won't talk about all the illegal stuff.
We'll talk about some of the legal items like air fresheners.
No, no, guys.
We're live here, like I profile real businesses on this show.
We are a real business.
Hey, excuse me, this store is not involved in any illegal activities including selling single cigarettes for sixty-five cents each.
We're open 9 to 6, Monday to Saturday. Let's go.
I'll have to apologize to our serious business viewers.
I don't know how a store like this could possibly exist.
I should have done my homework.
Let's, perhaps we''ll ask that question to Randy.
Randy, you're the Associate Trailer Park Supervisor.
Were you aware of the illegal Look at that, Randy sucked his gut in.
Did you see that?
He did.
I'm not responsible for Corey and Trevor.
He looks extra hairy on TV too.
You friggin idiots.
Fucklips! What were you thinking Trevor?
This is going to be seen by Barb.
Why don't you frig off?
What if Barb sees you renting porno on DVDs from us?
Don't talk about that, that's personal business.
Dude get out of here. You smell like Cheesies.
Listen, you guys frigged up on live television. Live television.
Hey you guys, wait a second, we're live. We're live here.
We'll be right back with more, I'm Steve Rogers.
Oh my god Ricky.
There's no way our report could get this fucked up.
I'll be honest, I'm a little bit worried about Ricky being on Channel 10 today.
I mean, this can't get fucked up. A lot of people watch Channel 10.
That is him. Okay, he's just a guy, he's just a guy.
Don't worry about it Bubbs.
I get excited meeting celebrities Ricky!
They're just people.
Steve Rogers. My producer Burt Helmach.
Mr. Helmach.
I met you one other time Steve.
You covered the election here and Sam was there with his big blummock head.
Oh course, yeah, I remember that.
So this is Kittyland huh?
Yeah it is, but first, I'm going to go first just show you a few things over here alright Bubbs?
It's okay he goes first on this? Alright, let's set it up.
Rick should be on any time now.
Randy, how many squares have you had?
Well you put them out for eating didn't you?
Thee were two dozen squares there Randy!
Oh look, it's coming. Hang on.
Welcome to a very special broadcast of the Live Eye on local business.
I'm Steve Rogers.
With me right now, one of the owners of a brand new cat day care centre here at Sunnyvale.
Rick how did this business plan come together?
Well actually I'm not one of the owners of the cat day care.
I have my own business called "Ricky's Used shit", I mean, it's not shit.
I've got some really good stuff here that I'm selling.
I go around and collect them and sell them for money, you know.
Pick something like this out of the garbage and sell that for a buck, I'm making some good cash.
This barbeque here (SFX: Bee buzzing) fuck, ow, fucking garbage bees.
Well, it's kind of difficult when you are on live TV, I can't predict a bee attack in the middle of stuff going on.
Did you get stinged Mr. Rogers? Here, get that on to it.
Oh that sucks.
Ricky, can we talk about Kittyland, do you think?
I wasn't done Bubbs, but yeah, go ahead.
Why don't you take us on a tour.
Bubbles: The Kittyland, Ricky! Kittyland, This is on for three bucks today as well. It's a weed whacker.
Ricky, it's my turn.
The Kittyland Love Centre is an expansive supervised play area for cats.
Bring them in and I'll look after them. Fifteen dollars for each kitty.
I can take about fifteen of them at a time.
And I'll give them all the love that they need.
Different areas to play like the land of mice.
That's one of my favourite attractions. Right there, which I think it's going to be How are you doing gentlemen?
Oh no!
Randy asked me to collect all the piss jugs in the park.
You got any piss jugs you want to get rid of boys?
Can you get out of here with your piss jugs?
We're right in the fucking middle of something here.
Live TV.
What are you talking about, Ricky? Hey, how are you doing?
Oh by the way, I heard a little rumour that there's a certain ex-trucker living in the dump.
How does it feel to be a loser Ray? Living in the dump.
You'll get yours buddy. I promise you that.
Calling my dad a loser?
Yeah, just like you Ricky. You're dad's a god-damned loser Rick.
You want to make something of it?
That's the father of your child.
Jim, Jim, Jim. What the, what are you doing?
Frig off Ricky. Get off Ricky!
You're just a loser Rick. Just like your old man.
For god's sake.
Oh shit, poor Bubbles.
This is not what the Kittyland Love Centre is about.
There's not usually drunk people with piss jugs here.
I will take good care of your kitties.
And give them love and, Kittyland Love Centre, Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
I may as well just go back to hauling carts.
Cause Kittyland, no fucking way anybody's going to bring a kitty down to that place.
Drunk trailer park supervisors rolling around with piss jugs on a hockey stick.
Come down to Kittyland, Bubbles will fucking look after your cat big time.
I will!
I got really fucking drunk last night.
Smoked a bunch of dope til five in the morning.
Ended up passing out in the sewer pipe cause it's kind of cramped back here and my back's a little sore.
Anyways, slept there, had a pretty good sleep, but I still had to get up early this morning cause I got responsibles now.
Growed up, I got kids. A lot of people say you can't smoke dope and get drunk when you have kids but that's not true. You can.
But you still gotta get up in the morning. That's being responsible.
Being a man. Trin's been doing a lot of science fair stuff, trying to pass grade six. Lucy wanted me to help out so I had no problem with that.
Trinity has not been doing as well this year as she usually does.
I had a chance to talk with her, her teacher. He's a nice man, he's, you know, attractive and we came up with a way for her to have a second chance.
Gotta do a few things to help her out with the project.
Hand it in and hope that she'll get a passing grade on it.
And sure, I'm fucking hung over, I'm burned out, but that's what being a good dad's all about.
Alright, that's great. Pick him up any time you want tomorrow or the next day. Ah, I have no idea how it was possible with the crazy Channel 10 story, actually it was great for business. People drop kittiesoff for me to look after.
They're going to pay me. It must've been able to see through the bullshit and knew that I actually dole out love to the kitties.
Bubbles, where in the fuck is Oscar Goldman?
I'm not sure. Ricky did tell me he was going to be leaving Oscar Goldman in my presence. And I thought I could deal with it, but it turns out I couldn't deal with it. So I let him go.
I didn't know it was going to cause such a big problem for Trinity's school but, I just couldn't deal with it. I let him go for reasons I'd rather not discuss at this point.
Well, the worst part about all this was that Lucy was really happy about how much time I was spending with Trin and I was helping her out with her school. And I think Trin was actually learning from me and Lucy saw that, it was kind of neat.
Like I helped her name the project The Birth of Oscar Goldman.
And now of course, I lost him. She's probably going to fail grade six. I don't know what Lucy's going to think about that.
It's not going to be good.
We got a bit of a situation.
Oscar Goldman is missing. Nobody knows where he is.
How is that possible? You were taking care of him.
I know, but he's an idiot. All he does is run around and peck at things. Looking at insects, stick his little beak in gum.
Drives me nuts.
Ricky, he's a little chicken. If Trinity flunks this project because Oscar Goldman is missing, I'm going to lose my fucking mind.
At this point, it looks like Trinity is going to fail grade six.
I don't think that's a real big deal. She'll have to go back next year but I mean, she probably learned a lot of the stuff this year, so next year, she's already heard people talk about it, she'll find it a lot easier. She'll be bigger so a lot of the other kids will think she's cool. And she can spend more time with her friends that way, cause she won't have to study as much.
So really it's not a bad thing at all.
Julian, Oscar Goldman got out. You gotta help me find him. Can you help me find him?
Bubbs, I gotta get building supplies. I don't have time to deal with Ricky's shit right now.
That's the thing Julian. It's not about Ricky.
Trinity needs Oscar Goldman today or she's going to fail grade six.
I didn't know.
How did he get loose?
I'm not sure.
Alright, I'll be back in fifteen minutes.
I don't know how it got out Ricky. I'm telling ya.
Well, I don't understand Bubbs. It's in the thing and now it's out. It doesn't make any sense. Taking some smokes Trev.
Yeah, that's cool Ricky.
So, did you find your chicken yet?
No. Can't find the fucking thing anywhere. You didn't see it did ya?
No, but I been thinking about, thinking and I think I might even have an idea. I know where there's a chicken that looks just like yours. And I don't know why you just can't switch it out.
What are you talking about?
Well, I play video games with this guy Trent just over there and on my way back I noticed, it's an identical chicken.
I think it's its twin.
Well don't you think Trinity is going to notice the difference Trev?
Actually Ricky, those shifty little bastards, they all look the same. Nobody will know.
I'd swear that was you Randy, if you didn't have a T-shirt on.
Wassup dude.
Hey Corey. How are you? Haven't seen you Here Trevor, get in the car. We gotta get that other chicken.
Julian, I know you're busy with your real estate and stuff, but can you please do me a favour and help me find the original chicken.
I'm going to get the replacement now.
Sure man.
Bubbs, you help Julian, alright?
Alright Ricky. Good luck.
Where the fuck is this chicken Trevor?
Trevor, it's fucking perfect. Same as Oscar Goldman. Good job.
Man, I told you Ricky.
Go get the chicken.
Love you Ricky.
Trevor, you gotta stop saying that, alright? Go get the fucking chicken.
I can't stop saying it. I really do. Like a lot.
Trev, go get the chicken please.
Love you Ricky.
Hurry up.
I think he's friendly.
Hurry the fuck up Trevor.
Stop playing games Trev.
He's fast Ricky.
Ow, it bit me!
Are you trying to tell me that a chicken is fucking smarter than you Trev?
Not smarter than me but it might be tougher. There, I got him.
Alright good, put him in the bag. Get the fuck over here.
See Ricky.
What the fuck are you doing with my chick? Give me that.
For fuck's sakes.
Get over here.
This is fucking big bear. Phantom three-o-one, come in.
It's fucking big bear, over.
This is fucking big bear. Big bear I need your fuckin help!.
Watch the fucking mouthing on the air, Ricky, Jesus Christ what's the problem buddy.
I got a major situation here and I need your help.
Come on Dad, you need to help me, please.
Ricky, you know I'll help you buddy. But you know the deal too, over.
Trevor, stop turtling. Fight back. What deal, you're my dad.
Just help me out, over.
You know the deal Rick.
Okay, I'll be there in a minute, over.
Frig off.
Excuse me, I am a doctor. He's a mental patient.
He's on drugs. I brought him down here for a little nature time.
Listen, Everything's cool.
I, I want this boy taken into town. I want him taken into town.
No he's, I'm taking him back to the hospital right now.
He's a mental patient. I'm a mental doctor, I am.
That's my doctor car right there. Get in the fucking car Trevor.
I'm gonna call the cops. I'm gonna call the cops!
For fuck's sakes. You don't have to call the cops, I'm a doctor.
Get out and push Trevor, for fuck's sakes.
Corey, back in the car.
Watch your head, buddy.
Don't worry Trin, they'll find him.
One peanut butter sandwich for you.
Thanks. Did you find Oscar Goldman?
We looked everywhere. He's, he's gone.
Oh that's perfect. So, Ricky lost his daughter's science project. A grown man can't keep track of a chicken?
That's pathetic.
And so that means now I'm going to have to go back down to the school and beg her teacher for another chance.
Do you know what I had to do to get this opportunity?
She's going to flunk grade six cause of this.
Look, I feel horrible about Ricky losing the chicken you know.
I'll help you Lucy. I'll put a suit on and I'll go down with you.
I'll say I'm her dad and that I lost the chicken, we'll get you an extension.
No Bubbs, I'll go down with Lucy.
And pretend that you're Trinity's father?
Yeah, works for me. I wouldn't miss this for anything.
I'm going to fail grade six.
Trinity, you're not going to fail, I promise you.
We're going to fix this somehow.
Don't worry sweetheart. I'll take care of it, alright.
Dad. I've got a major situation. Trinity's chick is missing for her science thing. You gotta help me find it, in the park.
You know the deal buddy.
Deal. Got time for a sit down, have a look at the place.
Come on Trevor, have a seat. Just move that shit there, will ya?
What do you think?
It's a dump?
It's not bad.
It's not too bad, I guess.
There, have a seat. Come on guys.
I'm kind of in a rush here.
Come on, you got time for a beer. Come on here bud.
Time for a beer, come on.
Where do you piss around here Dad?
Through there, first door on the left, okay?
There's fresh piss jugs around back, help yourself.
I don't need a piss jug.
Well, suit yourself.
Jesus, Trevor, holy fuck.
That farm lady really fucked you over bad buddy.
Can you not tell anyone about this, Ray?
I wont say anything buddy.
So, uh, you ever been beat up by a girl Ray.
No, no.
Jesus, Ricky, what the, what's the matter with you? What's going on?
A snake just bit my fucking cock Dad!
Oh, Christ. You alright? fuck, no. I'm probably going to die.
Come on buddy. Come on out. You're not going to die buddy.
Well what if it's poisonous?
Well, if it's poisonous, you're going to want to get somebody to suck the poison out right away. I've seen a lot of TV specials about snakes and snake bites, and that's what they always do.
They suck the poison out. It's the most important thing you can do.
What are you saying, Trevor?
Can I have a piece of bread please Ray?
Here. Help yourself. You're going to be alright.
There's no poisonous snakes in Nova Scotia. Just let it air out for a couple of hours, you'll be alright.
How do you know that?
What, you think you're the only guy to have his cock bitten by a snake?
The only one I know of.
Could happen to anybody.
Can we go back to the park and find this chicken please.
Alright. Yeah, let's go get that chicken.
Before something else happens?
Let's go come on. Trev, Trevor, unplug that coffee maker would ya buddy? Yeah it's right there, look. Right here look.
Move this. Oh Trevor, Jesus Christ. Why'd you get all tangled up in piss jugs and extension chords.
Ray. Maybe if you didn't have extension chords and piss jugs all over your place, this wouldn't have happened.
Jesus Christ. Nobody else gets mixed up in it.
What the fuck are you doing Trevor? Get in the car.
Where'd my piece of bread go?
Get in the car.
Come on, let's go.
What the fuck are you doing here, little buddy?
Have a rest. Just relax. Take a load off your feet.
Bawk bawk yourself.
Trevor, what's up dude.
Hey man, I missed you.
Man, what happened?
What happened?
No talking boys. Dad, it was in here. Somehow it got the fuck out. I don't know.
You're saying the chicken was in here?
It was Ray. All I can figure is that he either jumped it or he climbed up the gate here with his little plucker feet and gnarled that off with his beak.
A little chicken, with his little chicken feet opened that?
They're crafty cocksuckers Ray. They can do that.
I don't think so Bub.
I gotta be perfectly honest with you guys. I don't know anything about tracking chickens, I just did it for the free liquor but, I don't, I think it's an inside job boys. That's what I think.
What, somebody let it out?
That's exactly what I mean.
Well who the fuck would do that?
I don't know boys.
I don't think so.
Dad, we gotta find this fucking thing. Can you find it?
I gotta get Shhhhh! Rick. Sh-sh-sh-shhhh!
Listen, listen. Do you hear that?
No, are you drunk?
Yes. Listen.
And I don't like tricking my son, it's easy but, but you know what. I developed this really good sense of hearing from being in the dump. You got to, if you can't hear, you don't survive in there. You gotta be on, always listening for rats and snakes and fucking dump bees and squirrels and so uh, I developed this hearing, I did hear a chicken, I'm not kidding ya.
I heard that chicken. Bawk, bawk, bawk.
No good boys, I lost the trail.
I need something to get me back on the scent.
Oh, what could that be?
Hey guys, I found a mushroom that looks like a cock.
Trevor, can you please stop thinking about cocks for ten seconds?
It's a sign boys. It's a sign. A cock is a male chicken. Boys look.
Look at this, oh my fuck. See what that is? Those are chicken tracks, boys.
And these are chicken feathers and they lead right up to fuck, inside the door.
Lahey's got the fucking chicken. Trevor, lure him out here.
Mr. Lahey, Julian's out here lifting weights with his shirt off and wants you to come and have a drink with him.
What's that Trevor?
Go, get him.
Look out boys.
What's going on here?
You know why we're here. Give me what I want and we'll leave.
What are you talking about Ricky?
You have no idea what I'm talking about? Boys, take him in there.
Do you know why I'm here now?
Okay fine. I'm just going to keep smashing stuff until you give me what I want. I'll tell Barb you got all drunk and fucked over her kitchen. How about that?
Ricky, what the hell are you doing?
Ricky, stop!
It was me that let the dirty little fucking chicken out.
What do you mean Bubbles?
I didn't want to tell you because I was embarrassed.
It happened when I was a little guy Ricky. Me and some other kids were fucking around over at Mr. Johnson's farm.
He came out and chased us and we all ran and tried to jump the chicken coop and they all made it but I slipped and went right through the fucking roof down into the coop. They pecked me unmercifully. And to this day Ricky, I am terrified of chickens alright.
Bubbles, you should have said something.
Look at this fucking place.
Jim, I'm sorry. So you didn't kidnap the chicken?
Why would I kidnap a chicken, Ricky?
Let him go boys.
A chicken wandered in here a half an hour ago.
It's right down there.
Trevor, get the chicken, would you?
Jim, I'm sorry alright?
I just kind of lost control. I was worried about the chicken.
I'll give you Trevor and Corey for the day. Hopefully they can fix this place up a bit.
You're sorry.
Thanks Dad. Okay buddy.
Pretty good guys. Looks good. Good research too.
Keep up the good work.
Hey, excuse me. How are you doing? Ricky, Trinity's dad.
And we've met of course.
Can we talk to you for a second?
We've got a bit of a problem with Trinity's chicken.
I left the gate open today, the chicken walked out. We can't find it.
It's missing. Is there anyway we can get like a one day extension for this marking thing or Absolutely not, no. The students have to respect the deadlines, I'm sorry but, if I don't have a chicken from Trinity, she fails science and unfortunately, fails grade six. I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do.
Well, I came here today with the chicken. I didn't know what was going to happen. I didn't know if she was going to fail grade six. I was hoping she didn't, like her dad.
But no big deal if she did. Brought the chicken in, and basically I was just hoping to convince the teacher to not failure her grade learning and I think I did that.
This sucks. I'm going to fail grade six.
You know what, it's not your fault. Your teacher's a dick.
Found him!
What are you doing here Julian?
This isn't the time or the, who are you?
Trinity's dad. Who are you?
I'm her teacher. I thought you were Trinity's father.
Why does he think that? What's going on here Lucy?
Well, I had Julian fill in for you while you were checking out the chicken so Alright, well anyway, may I present you with Oscar Goldman. I found him.
I'm sorry. The deadline was this morning and she missed it.
A deadline is a deadline.
Do you know what I went through to get this chicken?
It's kind of like I was failing grade six again for the fourth time and that kind of pissed me off and then all of a sudden it hit me like, this big Light Bright went on in my head.
Like, I'm failing grade six again here and it's about life and Trinity made a life-ing thing basically out of this chicken, started with a little eggie thing and heated it up under these incu-baker things and it was born.
Man, you gotta understand.
Like, this is science but science is kind of like life.
And I never really did that good in science. I failed grade six, I was drunk half the time, and growing dope.
That's neither there nor here. The point is, right here this is life.
I mean we got this project here with volca-no fiend things.
That's not alive. I mean, I don't even know what the hell that is.
It's a good attempt by somebody but obviously that child is not as smart as my daughter. I mean, she's a brilliant kid.
She's smarter than me, she's probably smarter than you, cause you don't really look that bright. You got this project over here about brains. And that's just a bunch of stuff thrown together there, it doesn't even look like a brain. It's a horse's brain, it's bigger than a person's brain. Look at how hard she worked on this. She took this thing and she made it all growned up into a mint condition chicken like feed'n it and giving it water and keeping it warm and stuff.
She doesn't deserve to fail just because I was late with her chicken.
It's Oscar Goldman. Look at him. That's a nice looking chicken right there. Just cause her dad's a bit of a fuck up, pardon my language in front of all these kids, doesn't mean she should fail grade six like her dad did.
Let me see the chicken.
You can't hold this against her, just cause her dad's stupid.
That is a nice chicken.
She did a great job. That's what I'm saying. It's just a little bit late.
Is this the chicken you raised Trinity? This is your chicken?
Alright, then. Okay, you passed. Congratulations.
Thank you. And listen, if you, I'm growing a little dope, you want some dope or something, I really appreciate this, okay?
Sure. Thanks.
Oh my god, I can't believe you did it.
Oh, you saved the day man!
It's been a hell of a day Luce, let me tell you.
We should talk about it.
Well, good luck with your sciencey thing Trin.
I'm sorry that we lost it, but we got it back.
Thank you.
Well, we gotta go talk about some stuff.
We'll be back later.
You know Rick, you know what really turns me on? Responsibility.
And you know, at school today, you were very, very, very responsible.
Lucy, I can't do anything. A snake bit my cock.
You can still hook a girl up, you know what I'm saying?
What's going on Randy?
Hey Bubbles. I was wondering if I could ask you for a favour?
What kind of a favour?
Well, it's just, I'm confused about things. Mixed up.
I'm attracted to a bunch of different things.
What kind of things Randy?
Well, you know how Mr. Lahey and I, we were Yup.
Well Bubbles, you're not going to tell anybody about this, right? Right?
Tell anybody about what Randy?
Well, I been watching the way Sarah handles people and she's really turning me on, Bubbles.
Oh, Sarah is.
Oh, okay, well. Come in Randy. We'll figure that out.
Thanks Bubbles.
It's just a matter of going to a couple of websites Randy.
I mean, do you like this type of thing?
I like those things Bubbles.
Yeah, I know. Me too! Or, I mean, there's also this type of things.
I like that thing too.
Alright Randy. I mean, I think that clears that up.
You know, you're just kind of attracted to whatever but lots of people are.
That's normal.
Thanks Bubbles.
Hey Ted.
Randy. We've got a problem.
Yeah, the Chief's on my case about spending too much time in the park and why I've got a three hundred and sixty five dollar expense claim for cheeseburgers. So I lied to him, told him I was doing surveillance. I need you to do me a favour.
I need you to do surveillance on Ricky and Julian. It doesn't look good when a peace officer hangs out at a place like this where there is clearly crime being committed and driving around with a former male prostitute and blowing hundreds of bucks on cheeseburgers.
You checked my record Ted?
Yes I did Randy. That's my job.
I thought you liked me.
Well I do Randy. You know. I mean, you're a great guy, but, hey, don't eat the bun. Just the meat.
It's part of the burger Ted.
It seemed to me like maybe Randy and Officer Ted were in a bit of a lover's quarrel and then they came over to the store as usual, hoping to get a little dirt on Corey and Trevor.
Hi Sarah. Can I have an apple juice please?
Sorry, we don't have juice.
Gee, I don't know much about business, but if I was going to open up a convenience store, I think the first thing I'd do is stock up on merchandise. Otherwise it's not very convenient for the customer.
Seems obvious, right Randy.
I don't know.
Well, I don't know a whole lot about being a cop but it seems to me like a constable on patrol should be out patrolling and not in here harassing me. Seems pretty obvious.
Randy, my eyes are up here.
Come on Randy, let's go.
Ah, actually Ted. I'm not going to go. I've got work to do. Here.
Here you go, bud.
Bye Ted. I don't think that Officer Ted and Randy are going to stay together. Officer Ted is obviously using Randy to his own ends and he's also trying to change him.
He brought him an Ab Flexor the other day.
If you don't love him the way he is, just leave him alone.
I think it's fucking great the way he's back in the fucking liquor, drunk as fuck.
It's great you know, basically he just roams around this park doing little chores for his bitchy little boss Randy and he leaves us alone. We never see him so we can do whatever we want now, we can sell shit in the park and basically who's going to stop us. Randy? Randy can suck.
Alright Trev, let's go.
All that stuff right there.
On the ground. One, one thousand, garbage. Next.
As you can plainly see, the suspects are taking the stolen property and placing it by the roadside garbage and then loading it on their vehicle, in a vain attempt to cover themselves.
Okay Trev, barbeque next. Move it Trev.
Trev, what are you doing? Pick it up.
My shoe fell off. Can I just fix my shoe?
No time Trev, get the rest of that stuff. Trev, let's go, move it. Take it out of here.
I'm pretty paranoid these days, I'll be honest. I mean, the whole trailer park is flipped upside down.
Randy's dating police officer and Mr. Lahey is back with Barb.
People are getting evicted left right and centre.
I'm paranoid the next person is going to be me.
If it's not Ricky with all that fucking garbage lying around.
Check over in the sporting goods. Everything there is five bucks today.
Bikes are five bucks today. Nice phone here if you want that.
Hey boys, what's up?
Crack it Ricky.
How's the East Coast's Whips going?
It's good.
Saying? Hey, my baby mommas want to do some shopping. Is that aight?
Of course.
We on approved credit, boy?
Yeah, I can live with that.
Tight. Aight ladies, aight. Hey man, let me ask you something dawg.
I'm getting all kinds of letters, you know what I'm saying, from Barb.
Talking about how we might be kicked out of the park or some shit.
Trailers, lot fees, some shit.
I wouldn't worry about Barb. I'll tell you what you should be worried about though is Randy. Lahey's drunk out of his mind.
Randy man, I'm telling you, he scares me. He's throwing people left and centre. Threw my dad out. He's throwing everyone out.
How come you ain't been kicked out, dawg.
Good question. That means something's up and it's not up to Lahey cause he's too drunk. But something is up with Randy, I just haven't figured it out yet.
Well, we ain't afraid of Randy, with his candy.
That globe shaped motherfucker, you know what I'm saying.
Yeah, fuck Randy.
J Roc, I'm not a pessimist, I'm an optometrist, but you gotta keep your eye on Randy. He's fucking around, he's doing stuff.
I don't trust that fucking guy man, I don't.
Randy equals ain't shook.
Your pants finally burst Randy? What the fuck are you doing with my shit dawg.
What's up man?
I'm just packing your stuff up J Roc. You're evicted.
What you talking about Randy? You can't evict me, dawg. You don't have the power.
Yes I do, J Roc. For not paying lot fees.
Randy, I'm working on lot fees, dawg. You know what I'm saying.
You ain't really going to evict me and T and my two baby mommas.
We're getting close dawg.
I've warned you three times J Roc.
Randy, I'm a ma-fucker under a lot of pressure, you know what I'm saying, you know that. Right? Know what I'm saying?
So I know you ain't really acting hard with me right?
Cause you don't want me to step to you, you know what I'm saying.
And take you down dawg. Cause I'm about to pop.
That's a great idea J Roc. I'll just take my pants off.
Randy, don't take your pants off dawg. Pull that shit up.
Nobody, ladies turn around, nobody wants to see that shit dawg.
Put your pants up. We want to talk about this shit dawg.
Pants up dawg.
I told you, nobody wants to fight you man.
Ladies you can turn around now and look. Everything's aight.
Do that shit up man.
Do your shit up dawg. Can't we talk? You're acting awful hard Randy.
Sometimes life is hard J Roc.
Randy, sometimes you fat. You don't hear me talking about that do you?
Cool it down dawg. You know what I'm saying? You understand?
Seems to me that you should be able to understand and be sympathetic to what it's like to be pregnant dawg.
What are you talking about, J Roc?
Oh what, you ain't pregnant with a bucket of chicken?
Hey, let me tell you something little ma-fucker, when you grow up don't grow up to be like that ma-fucker right there.
Randy, you probably ain't even had your ultrasound yet have you dawg.
I'll give it to you right now. I hear chicken. I hear cola fizz and mustard and relish coagulating together. French fries and onion rings Randy, but you know what. I don't hear a heart motherfucker.
Come on ladies, let's pack this shit up. That's whack Randy.
Going without your wallet. After all I've done for you, hairy bitch.
You should have just paid your lot fees J Roc.
Say hi to Mr. La, oh, that's right.
I can't believe you, Randy man. Disappointed. Do you feel good about yourself?
You were at the cheeseburger picnic where I told everybody if they didn't pay their lot fees, they were out. Well you got your shit packed, now get out. Get the frig out of here.
With your heart, it's not worth it.
Julian. I just thought you might like to know that there's another trailer for sale if you want it.
Which one?
Bill's leaving?
No, Bill got kicked out. He didn't pay his lot fees.
How much do you want for it?
Twelve hundred dollars plus you gotta fix two broken windows that were smashed by kids today. No big deal Julian, just go down to Piercey's, pick a couple up I'll give you nine hundred bucks and it's a deal. fuck off Randy, I said it's a deal, alright?
Hope you got a good deal on that spoiler Julian cause it's whack.
Randy's got some fucking nerve, throwing everybody out of this park.
That big cocky prick, he's fucking up to something, I know he is.
Something to do with us. Trying to set us up or some shit.
If Randy thinks he's smartlier than me, he's wrong.
I'm setting up a sting today.
I've been watching Ricky, Julian and Bubbles for years and whenever they need building supplies, they steal them.
So I set Julian up. I broke the windows in Bill's trailer.
That's the guy you gotta distract right there, okay?
Make sure you distract him until I leave, okay? Wave. Wave.
Perfect. There's some windows.
Okay, do you got your bus fare?
Randy? What the fuck are you doing here?
Randy, they're going to see you, boy. shit.
Didn't I teach you any better than that boy!
Randy, what are you taking pictures of me for?
I wasn't taking picture, Julian.
Guess what? You blew it buddy. This is called entrapment.
You're so stupid. You stay the fuck away from me.
Frig off Julian.
Evidence note to self. Surveillance almost compromised by amateur associate trailer park supervisor Randy, caught in the act observing suspect Julian in the act of stealing building material. I got you Julian this time, all on tape, you sexy prick.
Mr. Lahey?
Hey Rand.
Mr. Lahey, what are you doing?
I'm just lying around, having a couple of drinks, relaxing, Randinator.
Relaxing?! I'm working Mr. Lahey. I want you to go down to Bill's and clean up some broken glass and take care of some stuff he left there.
Why doesn't Wild Bill clean it up himself, Randy-man?
Because I evicted him Mr. Lahey. He wasn't paying his lot fees.
You what!?
I evicted him.
Randy, Bill has lived in this park since before you were born.
You can't treat people like that, boy.
It was hard Mr. Lahey, I won't lie.
Yeah, you see what kind of a toll that job takes on you Randy?
Where have you been?
Sorry. Sorry Sarah.
I'm sorry.
Sorry's not good enough. I asked where you've been.
I was working with Julian. He was working with Ricky.
Corey, don't tell her that!
Guys, I thought we decided that it was in your best interests not to hang out with those guys anymore. Do you want to go back to jail?
Hi Randy.
Hey Sarah. I was wondering, do you want to grab a burger.
I need some really important advice.
I got some advice for you Randy.
What Trevor?
Maybe you should put a shirt on before you come in the store.
Gee, I haven't heard that one before. You're hilarious!
Yeah, real funny Trev. You're in charge Corey.
I don't know Sarah, it's just, I always have to deal with Mr. Lahey being drunk all the time and I have to deal with Ted and evictions and Barb.
I mean, how do you do it?
Well, I guess I think that if you're honest with yourself and honest with everybody around you then everything just kind of falls in to place Randy.
Sarah come here, I got something to tell you.
Randy! What the fuck do you think you're doing?
I'm just trying to be honest with my feelings Sarah.
Well, okay, but you're really attractive and I like talking cheeseburgers with you and shit but I'm, don't have those kind of feelings for you. At all.
Are we still cool?
Trevor, it's not your fucking toke. For fuck's sakes.
Good afternoon gentlemen. Sorry to interrupt.
I think I might have had a little bit too much to drink.
Then maybe again.
Boys, get him out of here before he pisses himself again please.
Dude, you gotta let us draw cocks on him.
Okay, knock yourselves out.
That won't be necessary boys. You see, I'm not the least bit drunk.
I haven't been drunk for 26 glorious days of undercover police work.
Making a little video tape. Starring Julian and Ricky.
What the fuck are you talking about? You're wasted.
Alright. You talking about this Rick? How you doing buddy?
How you doing Ricky, it's a great party you got here bud.
Hey Jules, you love a good party, don't you baby? Sexy.
It's iced tea. He's not drunk.
No kidding. Halloween 1977 Jules. You remember don't you Bubbles.
What's at work here is some shit tectonics when two shit plates strike and come together under incredible pressure. What happens Bubbles?
What Mr. Lahey? shit quake! May the force be with you gentlemen.
And may I be with the force.
Oh my fuck.
I remember Halloween 1977, like it was yesterday.
I remember everything about that night.
Well, I didn't even smoke dope back in 77, so I can tell you exactly what happened on Halloween.
I remember Halloween 1977 perfectly.
We dressed up as people from Star Wars. And I remember Julian copied off me.
I don't even remember what I dressed up as. Luke Skywalker or Dark Vader or something but Julian copied off me. Bubbles was the gold guy.
I remember that.
Had my C3P0 outfit on. I remember the way the moon was gleaming off the gold. I just wanted to get candy and Julian was on the liquor. I mean, we were only kids but he was still driving liquor into him.
Then we see Lahey coming home. He just got off duty.
Parked his car, got out. Ricky decides he wants to fuck over his cop car.
Bubbles or Julian, I can't remember which one, it was probably Julian but I think it was Bubbles, said let's got mess around with his cop car over here.
Julian had the idea, he wanted to get into some mischief, I remember is what he called it. And he wanted to go push Lahey's car, put it out of gear and see where it would roll to.
They put the car out of gear and started pushing it.
And it picked up way more speed than they thought it would and it crashed right into a fucking trailer. I remember thinking "Oh my god, now we did it".
And Lahey, he was a cop back then, it was his car, he ran out.
All he wanted was to take Julian's liquor cause Julian was drinking big time back then. Julian fought him for it, liquor went up, got spilled all over Lahey and his uniform. He finally got the liquor, got back to his car and was trying to get car unstuck from the trailer in reverse and liquor spilled all over his crotch.
Next thing you know, George Green shows up, he was Lahey's partner.
He's the stupidest cop there is. He thought Lahey was drunk, pissed himself.
It did look like he was drunk and pissed himself. He wasn't drunk.
I don't think he even pissed himself at all. So it was a misunderstanding.
He started saying "Now listen George, this isn't what it looks like" and George told him he was drunk and as they started arguing all that did is make Lahey look more drunk and crazier than he actually was back then.
And next thing, Lahey's under arrest and it was our fault.
It came down to two choices and Lahey, well he resigned.
I just can't believe that Julian and Bubbles, they, they ruined Mr. Lahey's life.
He lost his career, he lost his marriage, went down the tubes and he lost his mind.
Mr. Lahey used to be nice back then and we turned him into a drunk crazy lunatic.
Ted, unless I'm reinstated there's going to be law suits for wrongful dismissal, defamation of character and twenty years of retroactive salary. That's a lot of money.
There's the evidence right there. All I'm looking for is a little justice.
But you don't know anything about justice do you? None of you do.
All you know about is looking sexy in your god-damned uniforms.
Jim, calm down.
You might be real good-looking, you might work out Ted, but I'm ten times the cop that you'll ever be.
Jim, I'll guarantee you fair treatment under one condition.
What's that?
Just shut up a minute and knock off the sexy stuff.
How's Randy?
He's good Jim.
Well, let me say Jim, impressive. You built a pretty strong case.
But given your history with guns, dynamite and public drunkenness, there's serious reluctance to reinstate you.
What's bottom line, Ted?
No promises, but I think there's enough evidence here to get you a hearing before the Police Board.
Excellent. Looking good, right?
Yeah, and I think you need to get some character witnesses to prove that those boys drove you to do what you did.
Now Jim, do you know anybody who will say anything good about you?
Damn, 309 to Big Bear, come in buddy.
Big Bear to lively barbeque buddy.
You gotta get down here before I suffocate.
Well we were back at the park and Ray came blaring over the CB, screaming that he was being buried alive in garbage.
Can't breath Rick.
We got down there as fast as we could and I think we got him right in the knick of time.
He was running out of air in there.
You okay Dad?
What kind of idiots would throw all this shit on you.
Well they probably didn't know there was someone living in there Ricky.
It's my home Bubbles.
He says he likes it here. I can see right through it.
He doesn't fucking like it here.
He lives at the fucking dump!
Bees and wasps and rats and hornets and shit flying around. fuck, dump bee!
I've fucking had it with bees, I'll tell you that much.
They're always around Ricky because he's soaked in liquor and the sugar on him and the garbage juice, they're just attracted to him and I end up getting fucking stung all the time. fuck I hate bees!
Since I was being born, my dad's always been there for me, looking out for me and taking care of me.
Especially after Mom left. Now it's my turn.
I gotta look after him.
I gotta get him out of this fucking dump before he dies.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't nervous about today.
Finally I get a chance to tell the truth after all these years.
Thing is, they might not believe me. That's why I'm counting on Randy.
Randy, we need to talk bud.
We got nothing to talk about Mr. Lahey.
Randy listen, I'm sober Randy.
I've been sober for 28 days, not a drop, swear to God.
I know that sounds crazy but listen Randy, I've been collecting evidence.
Videotape evidence. Forty-five hours on tape.
Corey, Trevor, Ricky and Julian breaking the law.
They're back at my place. You can have them Rand.
You can make the bust if you do me one little favour.
I need you to testify to my character at a hearing today.
Will you do that for me Randy? For an old friend?
I don't think so, Mr. Lahey.
I am truly disgusted at what a little bit of power has done to corrupt my Randy.
I can only think of one other person in the park that has any sort of conscience.
Bubbles. They very well could reinstate me.
Who knows, maybe I'll be patrolling Sunnyvale again.
Oh yeah, so then you can just fuck with us whenever you want.
I don't think so Mr. Lahey.
Bubbles, if I'm reinstated, you're going to see a new Jim Lahey.
A new era of peace in Sunnyvale, I promise.
I won't fuck over the boys anymore, promise.
Are you prepared to put that in writing in a legal document?
Alright, so these are the conditions.
You agree to deal with Randy and calm him down, he thinks he's so fucking great these days.
Ray's coming back to the park, he's going to be the assistant trailer park supervisor.
And you agree not to fuck with the boys and let them grow dope and sell to the guys in jail.
Alright Bubbles.
No, no, no. I want somebody to witness it.
You're not tricking me.
Alright, let's go.
Let's do it.
This is what we've been working on right here.
I was in charge of the lights, the tube and the bed.
I'm a lot taller so I was in charge of putting the reflective surfacing up there on the ceiling and all the walls and the floor.
This is going to be a huge surprise for Ricky.
I can't see how he's not going to absolutely love this.
This is the best work we've ever done.
Great job boys! Ricky's going to be impressed with you guys.
I gotta hand it to Corey and Trevor.
They might be stupid, but they did a great job in here.
I'm proud of them. This is what I want you to do.
Get a hold of this guy, fill the trailer up with weed plants.
Can you do it?
Yeah man, that's easy.
We can do this. I know this guy.
I know you can do it. Get back to work.
Love you Julian.
Trevor, I know you do okay. It's a known thing.
You don't have to keep saying it all the time.
It's not cool, got it?
Do you love us though? Corey and the Trevster?
Yes, I do. Now get back to work.
Okay so look, I need you to sign here, here, here.
Initial here and sign her down there.
Mr. Lahey honestly wasn't drinking that night.
I mean, we threw liquor on him and liquor got spilled on him a little later on.
Thank you Barb. Lights please.
Chief, Mr. Lahey could have chased us that night you know, but he knew we were just kids out having fun on Halloween.
And he didn't want us to get in any trouble.
That's just the type of person Mr. Lahey is.
He's a, he's a good man.
Okay, I see. Right.
Uh, Officer Green, you were the arresting officer the night of the incident.
Yes sir, I was.
And it says here in your report that you came out to the scene and you found that Mr. Lahey's squad car was partially inserted into a trailer and that Mr. Lahey was in control of the vehicle and that he was soaked in alcohol.
That's correct Chief and based on what I saw, I made the arrest.
Based on what you saw. Okay, based on what you saw.
But you did not administer a Breathalyzer?
Oh, based on the situation at hand, I didn't see the need.
He pissed himself, he was soaked in alcohol.
George I told you, and you can see it on the tape, liquor was inadvertently spilled in my groin area.
He was your partner. You couldn't give him the benefit of the doubt?
He was my partner, but, he pissed himself.
From what I've just seen, it doesn't look like you were doing your job very well, Officer Green.
It did not look like you were doing your job yelling, you pissed yourself!
Mr. Lahey, do you have anything to add?
I just want to say Chief that all I ever wanted was to be a good cop, before I was busted by my partner I was a good cop, you remember.
You remember?
Even though I lost my badge, I never stopped being a cop.
Well, based on the evidence that I've seen and based on the very powerful testimony from Bubbles, uh, I think that I really believe that an unjustice has been done to you Mr. Lahey and uh, I feel that it's only right and fair to reinstate you as an officer of the law, effective immediately.
That's fine Chief. Jim Lahey thanks you.
Officer Lahey thanks you.
Ted, it's Randy. I got the evidence we needed.
Ricky. What are you doing with the gun out man?
I've got to go see Randy. I've got to get my Dad back in the trailer park.
Don't worry about that right now, okay?
Hey Bubbs.
Boys, guess what? Jim Lahey signed a peace agreement.
I had a peace agreement drawn up.
Jim Lahey signed it. Barb Lahey signed it.
You guys can never go to jail again.
I signed your names.
What are you talking about Bubbles?
I drew up a peace agreement between us and Jim Lahey.
Are you sure it's legal?
It's legal Ricky. Guess what else?
They agreed to make Ray the assistant trailer park supervisor.
My Dad?
Yeah, and he doesn't have to do fuck all.
So he can come home?
Oh thanks.
Hey Ricky, follow me man. Wait til you see this.
Come here. Check it out. It's all yours man.
What do you mean this is mine?
This is your new home buddy.
But how? How did you guys do this?
Well, I don't want to take all the credit here.
Corey and Trevor helped out quite a bit so you want to thank those guys too Rick.
Bubbs, thanks. Oh my god, it's awesome Bubbs.
I don't know what to say.
Corey, Trevor. You guys are actually pretty cool.
That's a lot Ricky.
I'm blown away.
Perfect ventilation, the way you set up the lights.
Wasn't that much work.
Trevor, I've done this a lot of times.
It's a lot of work. Thank you.
Labour of love dude.
I'll need some guys to look after plants, help me feed them, if you guys are interested.
Yeah man, any time, dude.
Sarah's gonna be alright with that?
Oh yeah.
Well, there's only one thing left to do. I grew this is jail guys.
It's awesome. You got anything to do for the next three hours?
What's going on here guys?
We're fucking stoned Randy so take your little friends and lave us alone.
No, you're stoned and you're arrested Ricky.
For what, getting stoned?
For stealing. It's all caught on videotape.
Guys, everyone's arrested except Bubbles, the guy with the glasses.
What's caught on videotape.
Let's go Ricky. Ricky!
You're caught stealing Ricky. On videotape.
What the fuck did you catch on videotape Randy?
We didn't steal anything. We're stoned right now. You can't arrest us.
Cause it's going to be thrown out of court.
We can't understand our rights right now.
You're going to jail Ricky. Going to jail.
Frig off. Frig off.
You're going to jail. You think you're cool?
Spreading stuff around.
That was my dinner Randy. fucking dinner.
Bubbles, don't let them in that fucking trailer.
Oh fuck off, you can't go in that trailer.
You don't have a warrant for, fuck.
Do you have a fucking warrant for that.
This is fucking bullshit.
What's going on here Randy?
We're making an arrest Mr. Lahey.
With the video footage you took.
Why are you dressed as a cop?
Because he is a policeman Randy.
Officer Lahey was reinstated barely an hour ago.
At a hearing that you refused to attend Randall.
These are my tapes. They were stolen from my premises.
Therefore Ted you know they're not admissible as evidence.
Is that true Randy? Break and enter?
Yeah, I stole the tapes Ted. But they're frigging criminals.
Let them go. We've got nothing here this time.
But Ted the trailer. Let's look in the trailer.
No, I think we've seen enough.
Welcome back Jim.
Thanks Ted.
And I'm disappointed in you Randy.
Just fucking with you Randy.
Let it go, Randall.
Three burgers Randy?
Four Barb.
Are you okay with this, Mr. Lahey?
Randy, no problem. Got her beat bud.
So are you back together with Barb?
Barb? Uh Randy was asking about uh Oh uh, right well. Why don't you um, come out and help me with the grill Randy?
Randy, you've been through a lot dear, well we all have and, you know, I think we've come to know that the best and the worst of Jim with the drinking and all and in a strange way, I think it's formed a kind of bond between you and I and, well anyway, I've come to see you in a different light and I have to say that I really like what I see.
So what are you saying Barb?
You know Jim and I have been spending quite a lot of time together recently and we've both come to realize that we're, we're looking for something a little different in a relationship.
That's why um, Jim wanted me to talk to you.
We want you to move in with us Randy.
Jim says that you're an absolute wonder around the house so I think that there's real potential in this relationship for us to all be happy and satisfied.
Sam, for God's sake, what are you doing?
Calm down Sam.
Oh, I'm calm.
Because of this fucker, I lost my job at East Coast Paving.
I got charged with DWI, and I have eighteen hundred dollars in fines.
Eh, you owe me, you fucking greasy caveman.
So me and the burger boy are going to a bank machine to get my money so I don't go back to fucking jail, okay Barb?
Sam, I've only got a hundred and sixty dollars in the bank.
A hundred and sixty?
I only make forty-six hundred a year.
My burgers.
What the hell is going on here. Put the weapon down Sam.
You're a cop?
Yeah, and I'm about to make my first arrest.
You have the right to remain silent.
No, no, no. Here's what's going to happen.
He's got a hundred and sixty bucks?
That's a down payment. We're going to the bank machine to get that money.
While we're gone, you get the rest. Understood?
Open the door.
Do what he says.
I'll call you and I'll tell you where to meet me, okay?
Eighteen hundred dollars, or Randy's dead.
Careful Sam.
You have my money.
Randy, for fuck's sakes.
Turn it hard.
Okay, now turn it hard when you go forward.
Bit of a relapse Barb. Don't worry, I'll take care of it.
How can you? You're drunk.
A couple of drinks. Look don't worry.
I'll get Randy back for us Barb. I promise.
Hold on to this for me will you please?
Ricky, you're not under arrest.
But I need you to come with me right now. Get in the cab.
What are you talking about Lahey?
Can't you see I'm trying to do my eating with my family.
Ricky, I know we have an agreement, but I will bust you for cultivation of marijuana if you don't come with me right now.
Plus I will spray you with this pepper spray and your whole family.
I need your help. Get in the cab.
Meter's ticking boy.
Phil, stop the car Phil. Turn the engine off.
I can't hear him. Sam, Sam, where are you?
At the moose. Alright buddy. I'll come.
I'll be there in twenty minutes. He's gone.
We gotta get to the moose and save Randy.
Lahey, this is fucked.
I know Ricky. I know it's fucked.
That's why you're the only one with the mind fucked up enough to figure this out and help me save Randy.
Well, that may be true.
But you forget, I don't give a fuck about you and Randy.
Listen, it's your fault.
You're the one that made the god-damned phone calls during the Cheeseburger Picnic that got Sam fired. It's your responsibility.
Alright, I think I can figure a way out of this.
But you gotta let me do the talking or Randy's going to get shot, cause you're fucking wasted. How much money have you got?
Two hundred and fourteen dollars.
That's it?
Yeah. That's a lot of money Rick.
Phil let's go. You know where the moose is? Let's go.
Alright, there they are.
I don't know Lahey though, I'm pretty fucking drunk.
Liquor makes it easier Rick. Flow with it.
Go with the liquor bud.
Alright, you start walking down, distract them.
I'm going to flank them around the beach.
Alright, what about Phil Collins?
I'll take him with me for cover.
Okay, here I go.
Get the fuck out of the car, Phil. We're going for a walk.
Jesus, I can't do this. fuck. This is crazy.
I'm getting too old.
Would you shut the fuck up?
I'm shutting up. I'm shutting the fuck up.
You're not shutting up, shut the fuck up Phil.
You better have my fucking money Lahey, or Randy's dead.
He's serious Mr. Lahey.
Cooler heads. Let's just take it easy boys.
Just bring me my money, let's go.
What the fuck! I told you to come alone.
What the fuck is this? Come out of there.
Who's down there?
Put the fucking gun down Sam.
Ricky? What are you doing with Lahey?
Get out of here. Get out of here.
We're coming up you fucker. Put the gun down before someone gets hurt.
Where's my fucking money?
Sam, you're fucking losing it bud.
Take off your sunglasses and look at the god-damned situation here.
I have a human house. Go ahead.
You can't even fucking shoot me. You see that.
I don't even want to shoot you Ricky. I just want my fucking money.
Alright, I'm coming out.
Me too. Don't fucking move.
We got two hundred and fourteen dollars for you.
That's not even fucking close.
Randy's dead, that's it.
No, no, no, no, no. I'm coming out again.
I'm the one who called your company to get the park paved at the Cheeseburger Picnic alright.
I'm fucking sorry.
You did that?
Yes and I feel really really bad about it Sam.
That's the only reason I'm here right now, dealing with this bullshit okay.
Well Ricky, I just don't want to go to jail man.
Sam, we're going to give you two hundred and fourteen bucks.
I'll give you a pound of weed myself. You can sell that, make two or three grand.
You're laughing.
Two hundred and fourteen dollars Sam.
I have your word?
You got my word.
It's a good deal Sam.
Okay, well give me the fucking cab driver too.
I don't want to get stuck out here.
Phil, get the fuck over here, you loud mouth talking prick.
Get over there. Take him.
Come on, go start the fucking car.
I'll be back for my dope Ricky.
You know where I live Sam.
Are you okay boy?
I'm okay Mr. Lahey.
Thanks a lot bud. Fun drinking with you.
Actually I had a really good time getting drunk with you.
Give you a lift home bud?
Yeah, sounds good. Hey, you know what Jim.
You want to quit the liquor. Start smoking dope. You can buy it off me.
One thing I'll say about Lahey, Randy and Barb, and I can't believe I am saying it, is they're being totally cool.
They're going along with the peace treaty just like they said they would.
Lahey's finally chilled out. He's off the liquor and hard on the dope, just like I told him.
Those guys are buying so much god-damned dope off me, it's ridiculous.
I don't give a fuck. It's twelve bucks a gram to them just like everybody else.
I'm warning you guys, small joints.
But they don't fucking listen to me.
They roll this big fuck clobbering joints they try to cook for Barb, and they fuck up cause they're so baked.
This looks fantastic Randy.
Thanks Barb. Ah! Hog's cock.
You know, I really think we can lick this together Jim.
There you go Mr. Lahey.
Thanks Randy.
Ah, balls.
Randy, Randy, Randy.
My dad's the assistant trailer park supervisor now.
He just fucking loves it.
I mean, he basically doesn't do a fucking thing.
Just drives around, has some drinks and says hi to people. It's awesome.
How's she going?
Fifty-two hundred bucks a year.
Come on, life's good.
Way of the road, boys.
The Scooby dumb cock brothers are still running that stupid fucking store.
I see those guys once in a while when I need cigarettes for me and my dad.
That's about it. Those guys have got to get their shit together.
Like Julian. I mean, he's really got his shit together these days.
I mean, a lot of people just think Julian's this big tough guy cause of his big muscles and everything but what they don't realize is he's got the biggest heart of anybody in this trailer park. I mean, who else would buy up all the trailer's of the people that got evicted and renovate them and then give them right back to them you know, at a reduced rate of what they were going to be getting charged for them?
That takes a big heart, and that's what Julian has.
Oh what!
And Bubbles' Kittyland. That's booming, isn't it Bubbs?
Thanks to Channel 10 interview.
Somehow it worked. It's fullalmost every day.
Life for me now is just so fucking great.
I just grow lots of dope, spend time with Lucy and Trin, cooking for them and stuff.
I'm not allowed in the trailer yet, but things are going really really well.
And Lucy is being so fucking cool.
I get drunk three or four times a week with my friends.
And get stoned, play video games.
I don't know how life can get any better than this.
We're going to make some good fucking money here boys.
Let's just fucking get this over with, Rick.
My fuck, this is a good time boys.
Tell me that's not the best fucking dope you ever smoked Bubbs.
Should I be getting baked for this, boys?
Yes, Bubbles, get high, this is fun.
Walkie check Ricky.
Good check.
That water bong's so smooth, you don't realize how high you're getting until it's too late.
Bubbles, you're breaking up.
Switch to channel two, okay. Just turn on the radio and relax, everything's fine.
Channel Two?
VHF, what's that now?
I know I'm baked but, doesn't that sound like it's coming through the PA? fuck, it sounds like it man.
Bubbles, everything you say is coming over the PA right now.
Ricky, I am fucked up out here.
I don't mean to interrupt your meat-stealing operation there boys but I need to keep talking to you til you get back.
I'm freaking out a little bit.
Bubbles, every fucking word you're saying is coming over the PA.
He must have his finger on the button man, he can't hear us. fuck! Meat dicks, meat dicks.
These are just birthday presents.
You have no right to look in them.
We're going to leave now. Rick, let's leave, calmly, come on.
Oh, I'm fucking high!
Where do I know that big cocksucker from?
Don't even fuck the mind who that is?
What are you doing?
Get the fuck out of the way with your stupid fish and your hockey stick!
Ricky, I'm not selling meat in the liquor store parking lot again. I don't want anybody I know to see me.
It's embarrassing.
Bubbles, just smoke some of this home made blender hash, alright, and relax.
Corey and Trevor should be doing this greasy shit, not us. fucking Corey and Trevor.
Corey and Trevor just vanished. No idea where the fuck they went.
Just ran away on me. Disappeared about six months ago and left a stupid note saying they're ever, never coming back.
Thanks guys. Now I'm in a liquor store parking lot selling fucking meat instead of Corey and Trevor.
What the fuck are you looking at?
What are you doing here man?
This is my parking lot! I sell mackerel and blueberries.
[coughing] Great, Phil Collins is here.
Hey, hey. Bubbles, Julian.
How are you guys doing? Selling stolen meat eh?
Wanna buy some trout?
Phil, would you get the fuck out of here.
Here, here, take this thing.
Yeah, well alright, Julian. Ah, geez.
Here Julian.
[singing] I am high! High, high.
Julian? Don't you remember me Julian?
Oh my, Bubbles. Is that you?
It's me. Your grade three teacher, Mrs. Anderson.
[coughing] Hi, hi Mrs. Anderson.
Oh my god, I'm so god-damned high.
Ricky, no Ricky.
Mrs. Anderson
I better be going guys.
You know, it's never too late to change the path you're going down in life, boys.
Thanks, Mrs. Anderson.
Let's get the fuck out of here, Julian.
Forty-two bucks already today boys.
I can't believe it. Where the fuck are you going, Julian?
I'm not stealing meat anymore man, it's fucked.
Man, what the fuck are you talking about?
You're giving up seventeen, eighteen bucks a day.
I gotta get a job or something man.
A job? Julian, we don't work. You know us.
Ricky, think about what you just said.
Maybe we should work. Getting a good job is a good idea Julian.
Listen, if I don't start making some cash soon, I'm going to lose my fucking trailer man.
Seventeen bucks a day, not cutting it.
Why is he so fucking worried about his trailer getting repositioned? We're doing good here man.
More money for us buddy.
See buddy, now this is what I'm talking about. Business.
Jim Lahey
Hey Rick. Open for business?
How's it going Sir? What can I get for you?
Jim Lahey
What do you got that's fresh?
Jim, we both know you came over here for more than just a box of meat.
Jim Lahey
Well Ricky, I was hoping to get a few grams for Randy. But he, look, he doesn't want to pay twelve bucks a gram anymore.
He's smoking a lot of dope Rick.
He's a good customer. How about ten?
Six grams, sixty bucks?
Oh my fuck, Cheryl! What are you doing?
I told you to stay off the counter. Look, you can have this but that's it alright. Now take that and get the fuck out.
My father grazed me to that, that other things like animals that live or like I that live and I'm supposed to be the same to them and try to treat them good but I've got fucking insects now coming to my trailer and frogs and fucking these things that look like cats but they got these long beaky nose things. They're all attracted to my dope.
I can't sell my fucking things coming in like crows.
I nicknamed this one crow Cheryl and she's pretty cool but I have to give her a peanut butter sandwich so she'll stop stealing my fucking weed and it's just, it's making me lose my fucking mind. I'm sick of all this shit.
I gotta sell this fucking dope soon or I'm going to snap.
I'm getting pretty sick of you and Randy showing up here offering me ten or eight or anything else.
You know what, if you cops started doing your job and you busted some growers I wouldn't have problem.
Nobody gives a fuck about good dope. I'm sick of this shit Jim.
Look let me spelt it out for you. See what that says?
Twelve bucks a gram, firms.
Jim Lahey
Are you selling any of this dope, Ricky?
I sold a little bit.
Jim Lahey
Well, I refuse to pay twelve bucks a gram when you can get it for six down at the mall.
Well, you know what Jim?
Go down to the fucking mall and get the shitty mall dope.
You only get fucking one joint out of a gram, it's shit.
Jim Lahey
Okay, okay, okay, okay. Look, I'll take one gram.
Hey Ray. What, are you redoing your plumbing? fuck no. Son of a fucking whore. fucking, I don't use this as plumbing Bubbles, you know that. fucking selling it as scrap metal.
You know, get my liquor money buddy.
Ray! Ripping the plumbing out of your walls for liquor money is fucked!
No, Bubbs.
Ray, do you ever wonder if you've chosen the right path in life?
What do you mean, like, if your rig is on the right road?
Yeah, that type of thing. fuck yeah, buddy. You kidding me.
I think about that shit all the time.
Every fucking day I think about that. You know, I'll be, I'll be perfectly honest with you buddy.
I'm sick of working with Randy, running this park.
Ray, all you really do is get drunk and drive around waving at people.
Yeah, I know but I'd give it all up in a second buddy.
If there was just some fucking way back on the road.
Like that's ever going to happen.
Hey, do you think you can work with Ricky tonight?
I just don't think I can.
Why, are you guys having a problem or something?
Ray, I love those guys like brothers, you know that.
But, I just can't do this greasy small-time crime shit anymore.
I know what you're saying Bubbles.
It's a young man's game. That's why I got out of it.
So here, if I were you, I'd do it one more time and then get the fuck out of it. You know, get me five pounds of bacon and a half pound of regular beef too while you're at it, would you?
You know what Ray?
I think maybe I should be doing my own jobs that I plan.
I think it would be less stressful.
You need a hobby like mine Bubbs.
Hobby? What's your hobby, Ray?
Hey buddy, want a beer.
I'd love a beer.
Here, go ahead.
Do you think I could get in on this scrap metal bullshit with you? I have connections in the cart world. fuck yes. I could use a hand buddy.
Alright, let's do it.
Let's do it.
Want to keep it on the downsie though.
Alright, no problem.
I can't believe we're working together.
This is awesome.
Yeah, thanks for the job Jacob.
Oh my god, Julian. Is this your car?
Monte Carlo. What a cool car.
Is it an '86? fuck, it's in great shape man.
Thanks man.
Can you light her up?
I'll see what I can do.
Yeah, light it up!
See you later Julian.
Oh my fuck.
You're delivering pizzas now?
No man, my cousin's car broke down and I
Your cousin, yeah.
Twenty-two bucks.
Your cousin?
Twenty-two bucks Sam.
Yeah, okay. I got it right here.
Uh, I got most of it.
What do you mean?
I got, twenty-one fifty.
Sam, this is coming out of my own pocket, come on!
I'm not made of money man.
Come on, twenty-one fifty. Take it or leave it.
Police Officer George
Alright, next item. Harvey, Bern, all this luggage disappearing at the airport.
What leads have you got?
Nothing? You're off the case.
Ted and I will take this one over.
Hodgson, Chambers, want you to start laying down some muscle on this meat stealing ring. I mean, come on guys, they're stealing meat. How hard can this possibly be?
It's getting embarrassing. Alright, that's it.
Don't fuck around out there.
Jim Lahey
Hey George, what about me?
Police Officer George
Actually, you know what, hold up everyone!
You know, Jim, there is something you can do for us.
Jim Lahey
What's that George?
Police Officer George
Take a run up to Horton's for the boys.
Jim Lahey
Every fucking day.
Police Officer Ted
Guess you thought being back in the force would be more exciting. Double double decaf, Boston cream.
Jim Lahey
Double double. Triple single.
That's only seventy five cents, Terry. For fuck's sakes.
Hello. How are you?
Hey Trin.
Nice cooler Ricky. Is that yours?
Yeah? How can you tell?
What are you book learning Trin?
Ah, mammals and stuff.
How's the little bottle of joy doing?
Well, I got you some meat. Lots of meat.
You got a bunch of pork chops and ground beef.
And bacon and this stuff, couple of those things.
You know what dude, as great as it is that you got all this stuff and I know that you're trying, you know what we really need? Some money.
Lucy, don't tell me you're going to start busting my cock too. You know what I'm going through right now.
And Julian quit working for me today.
I'm trying to sell this friggin dope.
What do you do when guys are selling dope down at the mall for six bucks a gram, even though it's shit, but people are buying it. I'm fucking trying here Lucy.
Would you like a piece of licorice Sarah?
There you go. Enjoy. Chew on that.
I'm not trying to freak out. I'm sorry.
You got another baby on the way and that got me learning that I gotta become better.
For the person that's going to be born.
You know that I always become a better person when the person that gets born is born. I'll do whatever it takes Lucy.
That's what I'm talking about here.
You think I want to be stealing fucking meat, I'm doing it for you guys.
What happened to the guy I made love with in the bathroom of Kentucky Fried Chicken?
What happened? Where is that guy, huh?
Lucy, please. We all know this is all Corey and Trevor's fault. I fucking know you know where they are Sarah. I know you do.
And if I ever see those guys again, it's fucking on, big time!
That's right, Ricky.
You got one of those Corey and Trevor things on your arm?
Yeah I did. I did, because I miss them, because I loved them. You drove them out of here.
You know and you blame everything on them.
I drove them out of here?
I gave them opportunities Sarah to grow dope.
You know what they did?
They couldn't handle it and they had to run away.
I don't know where Corey and Trevor are Ricky.
If I did, I wouldn't tell you. But I don't know where they are.
Corey and Trevor are in a mental institution in an undisclosed location.
Ricky had them so overworked last year growing dope that they had complete nervous breakdowns. fuck Corey and Trevor. I mean, I was always there for those guys. I helped them.
I taught them how to steal cars, how to steal gas.
Showed them how to grow dope. I cared for them.
I fed them. I was as good a friend to Corey and Trevor as anybody was. I was basically like their fucking dad.
Nobody showed those guys more love than me.
Knock knock boys.
Who's there?
So, we're cool?
Yeah man.
Let's go, smokes. You're fucking lucky. fucking snakes dude. fuck no.
The doctors strongly recommend that Corey and Trevor never come back to Sunnyvale again, not even for a visit.
And they're dead set against them ever talking to Ricky again or they say they could lose their minds completely.
Hey buddy.
Where the fuck are you guys coming from?
Just up at Shitty Bills.
Are you hungry?
Yeah. I am fucking hungry.
Are you hungry enough to blow 23 bucks on pizzas with the old man buddy?
Where the fuck did you get that kind of money?
I'm telling you Rick, you should rip the plumbing out of your place too. You would not believe the fucking money I make in scrap metal, look at that.
It's crazy.
Crazy? Better than delivering pizzas like fucking Julian, Ill tell you that.
What are you talking about?
He didn't tell you?
He's delivering pizzas.
Is that true Bubbs?
Julian's delivering fucking pizzas? That's his new job?
Ricky, don't be teasing him.
Hey pizza boy.
Jules? What you doing here dawg?
What are you guys doing here?
Cleaning floors J-Roc?
No you man, just filling in for some ma-fuckers.
What you doing here?
Just, it's uh, this charity thing I'm, it's a pizza run, it's, for the kids, it's uh, you know.
Charity pizza run?
Yeah, charity.
What are you talking about, you man?
Last I heard, you were stealing meat, you know what I'm saying.
Which is already whack. Not to mention it was with that snuffleupagus, walrus-ass manatee Phil Collins.
But now you delivering pizza B? Eh, you want a pipe?
J- Roc, twenty-nine dollars.
Alright, look. Here's the meat pre-list.
15 rib roasts, 30 ten pound bags of hamburger, 12 turkeys, 40 chickens, 50 sirloin steaks, 2 dozen pot roasts and 20 LOLs, otherwise known as legso lamb.
Can we pull this off? That's theft over a thousand?
Bubbles, don't worry about it. I promise you.
We're not going to go to jail. All we gotta do is order some pizza.
Got me Ricky. Walkie check, walkie check.
You got me now?
Yeah, that's a lot better Bubbs. You're clear.
Let's get this bullshit over with.
Alright, see you in five or ten minutes man.
This is the most meat we've ever stealen in one time so the trick is, go to a specialtilization meat store and get a man on the inside. So basically Bubbs is the man on the inside. He goes in and sneaks in the freezer, waits til th close, and comes and opens the door, and we take all the fucking meat we want, it's perfect.
Alright Ricky, I'm in the freezer.
Hurry up, I don't like being cold.
Just hang in there man.
I'll have some warm stuff for you when you get out.
Hot chocolate, whatever.
Is the clerk leaving yet or what?
Open 9 til 9. What the fuck!
Uh, Bubbles, bit of a problem. It seems like they're open later than they used to be. I don't know what happened.
I thought I checked it but you're going to have to be in there for a little bit longer than expected. Not that bad, not that much longer though okay?
Define a little bit longer!
Hopefully only like twenty minutes.
I don't know yet.
That doesn't make any sense Ricky.
That means they'ren til 6:20? Nobody closes at 6:20.
It's not that bad. It's just, you know, it's like being in a freezer I guess. It's cold, or draw some things in the frost.
Pretend it's winter time, you're building a snow man out of meat and cats are running around playing. And
Do you realize what you just said to me?
Bubbs, let me tell you a little story.
When I was twelve years old, me and my dad were stealing meat.
I was in the fucking freezer for seven hours.
He couldn't get me out and the locks were all different and
Ricky, I don't care how long you were in a meat freezer!
I did seven fucking hours buddy. You can do three.
The first two hours are going to suck, I'll tell you right now. But after that, it's really not that bad.
Jacob, where the fuck is that pizza man?
I ordered it forty-five minutes ago.
Did you order a pizza?
Hey, pizza guy. Over here.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
What are you talking about?
Do you think it's some kind of a joke that I'm working here Ricky?
Julian, you're playing pizza games.
I got a better offer for you. We can make two thousand dollars in meat tonight. Two grand. Bubbles, it's okay to come out now man. Come on out. fuck, he must not hear me.
How long's he been in there?
Not that long, ten, twenty minutes.
Well, yeah, close to three hours, I guess.
Three hours?
Alright Bubbles, start gathering up the meat.
We're inside.
Hey buddy.
Aw, fuck!
God, Bubbles can you hear me?
Yeah, I can hear you's boys.
Little disappointed in yas.
Help me get him out of here Ricky.
We're not leaving here without meat. fuck the meat!
Go find a coat or a blanket or something, we gotta warm him up Ricky.
Very cold, very cold.
Oh, yes. Oh, yes.
That bread feels wonderful Ricky. Wonderful.
I'm so fucking sorry, what happened tonight.
Take tonight off and we'll get back at her tomorrow, alright?
Back at her? fuck that Ricky.
I'm not working with you and Julian anymore.
Sorry, but that's it.
I'm done.
I gotta go to sleep boys. Just sleepy times.
Two pounds. What a fucking waste.
Holy fuck! Raykins.
That's what those furry little bitches are Julian that are fucking you over, raykins. On top of the mold, I'm going to snap man, I can't deal with this shit.
Two pounds of dope going up because of mold.
Great. Man, I hate to keep blaming Corey and Trevor, it's their fucking fault. They should be here dealing with this shit, not me.
Sounds like you miss them Rick.
Yeah, maybe I do fucking miss them Julian.
I fucking miss Corey and Trevor alright, I said it.
Get over it, cause they're never coming back.
Listen, we're going to sell this dope.
But we have to be patient and sit on it.
Wait for the right person to smoke it okay?
And Ricky, we gotta lower the price to ten bucks a gram.
Oh fuck!
Alright, I'll go to ten, but no lower than ten.
It's still fucking twelve for Lahey and Randy.
What's crackin', y'all. Let me be the first to officially welcome y'all ma-fuckers to my brand new joint.
Scrilla Villa. A-ight y'all, check it out.
Let me explain something to you, you know what I'm saying.
Me and T had to get things set up, you know what I'm saying.
With the babies on the way, with the family, you know what I mean.
So we had to start working. That's when I realized that the airport has some unique job opportunities, dawg.
That's right. We had to seize the mother fucker.
Carpe dizum, you know what I'm saying?
That's why we started gankin' luggage. This is all the shit we ganked from overseas, you know what I'm saying. It's all from Europe. It's tight.
Ma-fuckers come back with some crazy ass shit, dawg.
You want a box for your bling? Ten ma-fuckers. It's tight, cheap and dope.
I'm out. And this here room's what I call liquors of the world, dawg.
You know what I'm saying? Look at all the shit the ma-fuckers bring back.
It's your passport to getting drunk. Glug, glug. [making guitar noises]
Real snake. What?! I'm saying. We so busy now, you know what I mean, I even had to hire employees. That's Lucy right there, you know what I mean.
Lucy, one of my employees. That little ma-fucker ain't though.
I ain't paying for that ma-fucker.
I had to go back to work when I found out that I was pregnant.
I knew that Ricky was never going to get his shit together and I'm going to be taking care of this baby on my own, so this seems like an honest gig.
Lucy, you ready to do this family portrait?
Yeah, yeah. I just gotta figure out this, how it works.
Like to introduce my family dawg. I ain't saying they both mine, I ain't saying they ain't. Who knows about my ancestry, you know what I mean. But me and T decided we too close to go through all that DNA bullish, so we just going to be co-daddies to these two little pimps right here.
Hey Ray.
Ah, for fuck's sakes.
What's up man?
What's going on?
Hey bud, how are you doing?
You gotta come see it. I got it set up. Is it ever decent.
Oh yeah?
Check it out, you head up on the deck.
Look at that. Look at the detail.
Awesome buddy.
Eh? This is awesome!
So what's going on with you and Rick and Julian. You guys cool or what?
Yeah, we're cool. I'm just not hanging out with them anymore, ever since Ricky almost froze me to death. You know, I have a hobby now and that's what I'm going to do from now on. My hobby is trains and just like your hobby's drinking.
It's drinking buddy. Hey, Shitty! There's Shitty bud. Shitty!
Hey boys.
Hey Shitty.
Hey Shitty. How you doing? There's a load there so get her loaded up.
Hey Shitty. Bubbs, how's it going buddy?
Oh not bad Ricky. At least I'm not freezing to death.
I'm sorry about that. Look, I really need to talk to you.
And Dad, can I talk to you too about some pretty serious stuff.
Of course buddy, what's up?
Let's get away from Shitty. It's pretty private.
What the hell is all this shit. What are you guys doing?
Nothing Ricky. Nothing you'd be interested in.
I know what's going on.
Better not fuck with any of my stuff Shitty, just leave it where it's at.
Is there any way that Lucy could have gotten pregnant without my bird doing stuff to her?
[laughs] You're joking right Rick?
No actually, I'm pretty serious Dad. fuck, um.
But there must be another way. I mean, we have done some stuff but, me and Lucy haven't banged in seven months and she's six months pregnant so, does that work out?
Bubbles, answer that. I gotta rock a piss off bud.
Ray? Look Ricky, just think of this train engine as Lucy right.
If you put fuel into it, it'll go. But if you don't, it doesn't.
So you're saying that, what?
Ricky, a train will only go if there's fuel in it right.
So if it wasn't your nozzle that was putting fuel into Lucy, someone else's nozzle must have been. You know?
You sure?
So let me get this straight?
Mr. Lahey gets one night off and you guys don't even include me?
Barb Lahey
Well, maybe if you weren't so high all the time Randy.
[grunting] Oh, moose balls!
Barb Lahey
My pants!
Barb Lahey
It's not funny Barb.
Jim Lahey
Barb Lahey
My best pants.
Jim Lahey
This is friggin [banging]
Barb Lahey
Hey. I heard about Lucy man. I'm sorry man, that sucks. You okay?
Yup. Check it out Julian. The rankins are getting a lot bigger, huh?
Yeah, he's cute. So, are you coming to the airport with me or not? Cause I gotta get going.
No, I'm not working for J-Roc man. It's against my vice principles.
I'm a dope dealer. I'm not going to steal luggage.
I understand if you want to I guess, but I'm not.
I've got no choice man, I have to. Trailer's re-mortgaged.
If I don't come up with a payment, I'm going to lose it.
Two hundred and forty-five dollars. Where the fuck am I going to come up with that kind of money? Anyway, I gotta get going, but listen to me, you are handling this well okay.
So keep it up, don't do anything crazy alright.
I'm good.
Alright. We'll get drunk when I get back or something.
What's going on here? Big black Cadillac. J-Roc?
Lucy is fucking banging J-Roc? I can't believe it.
J-Roc borned my baby. fuck!
Police Officer George
We good to go?
Police Officer Ted
Police Officer George
Police Officer Ted
Yeah, the focus is fine.
Police Officer George
Alright, just a waiting game now. Oh yeah, look at that.
Hey look, check it out. Jamie, Tyler and the rest of the gung.
Think they might be, oh I don't know, stealing luggage.
Police Officer Ted
You think Jamie's smart enough to master mind that?
No, I don't know about that.
But, Julian sure as hell is.
Police Officer George
This is going to get interesting.
All luggage look the same nowadays, you know what I mean?
Give me a kiss mother-fucker.
Bye Suzanne, lovely to see you.
Wait right there Lucy!
Suzanne, you go to the car. A- ight Suzanne, I'll see you in a minute.
Lucy, wait right there. I need to talk to you.
Suzanne, go to the car. Suzanne.
What the fuck!? You banged Lucy and gave her a baby?
I never banged Lucy, dawg, or Suzanne, what I'm saying.
I tried to hit her a couple of times you know what I'm saying, but she wasn't feeling me dawg. T tried too. But we didn't.
Oh, so it's fucking T. What's the deal man, you got nothing better to do.
Couldn't help yourself, take a little something something from Lucy?
I didn't do nothing man. Relax yourself man.
You know the rule, bros before hos man. Come on, Ricky, you know that shit man.
Would you calm down?
I got a question. Why the fuck were you kissing her then?
I got a question too. Can I ask you somethin'?!
Would you calm down mother- fucker?
I just want to know why you were kissing her.
I wasn't kissing her, we was actin'. Saying?
We was just actin'. Me and Lucy was pretending to be married cause we taking luggage and we don't want fuckers to find out dawg.
We're trying to work here. Alright.
Go home, we'll deal with this later back at the park. Not here.
That's right. Know what I'm saying.
Fine then guys. Let the little luggage bandits do their little thing here.
There ain't no luggage bandits here.
I'm going to fucking find out who banged Lucy and gave her a baby. I am.
It wasn't me. There ain't no luggage bandits here.
I'm going to find out. I'll tell you that J-Roc.
Jim Lahey
God-damn, George and Ted are making me pull their shift at the liquor store today.
Barb Lahey
Oh Jim, you promised.
Jim Lahey
What can I do Barb?
Barb Lahey
Oh, we are going to get so far behind at line dancing.
How are, oh. Oh, never mind.
Maybe we can do a little bit of horizontal line dancing at home, eh?
Barb Lahey
Oh hang on.
Jim Lahey
What's that?
Barb Lahey
I don't know.
Barb, ever since I seen you, you are the sun that lights up my world.
Jim Lahey
Sounds like Randy when he's high.
Barb Lahey
Yeah, when isn't he high?
Jim Lahey
Barb, I think you should lighten up on Randy.
At least he's trying. You gotta admit, it's pretty special for him to send you those.
Alright buddy, think about what I said. Come over for supper tonight bud.
Newfoundland steak and mashed potatoes buddy, whaddya think?
Oh, count me in Ray. I'd love some. Is that my Model Train Magazine?
Yeah, fucking right buddy.
Can I have it?
Wait a sec, hold it. Got a problem. Need a boost buddy. Car won't start.
Well, I can't boost it. Give me my magazine.
Bubbles, work before play. That's exactly what I taught Ricky.
We gotta figure out this problem before we do anything.
I need a boost, go get me your lawn mower or something.
Just let me get this straight, you're holding my magazine ransom?
Til I give you a boost. I got nothing I can boost you with.
I'm not holding this ransom, I'm saying we gotta do work before we do pleasure.
That's the way it always is in life Bubbs.
Well, what am I going to boost it with? All I got is a go cart.
Your lawn mower. Get your lawn mower.
Ray, you know how jumping the things starts.
You hook two of the pinchers to your battery and two of the pinchers to another battery, and if I don't have a battery then there's nothing to hook it too. Now give me my magazine!
If I had to do this myself, I wouldn't have even asked you.
I need you help, I'm asking for your help.
There's nowhere to hook it!
I've got your magazine.
Lucy! Where the fuck are ya? I need to talk to you.
Ricky? Ricky, what are you doing?
I want to find out who brought this baby by Lucy.
Is what I'm fucking doing, until these idiots got in my god damned way.
Lucy, where is you at?
What the fuck are you doing? Are you guys okay? fuck.
You can't just come in here and push people over and eat my fucking bread Ricky.
Well, Lucy had a baby borned by somebody.
I'd like to find out who the fuck it is. Where is she?
Alright Benjamin Franklin. You should me where to hook this.
You see the red thing in your hand there Bubbles, that goes
Guys, guys, guys.
Where's Ricky at?
I don't know where Ricky is. I haven't seen him all day.
Just, put that on the red thing. Red on red.
What are you trying to do? You can't boost a car with a go cart Ray.
Come on, get in there, I'll give you a boost.
I can do it. You could've done it.
Give me my magazine.
You could have done it Bubbles, you just didn't try.
Oh Ray, number one, you got a loose terminal here bud. That's not going to do anything.
Decent! Julian, check this out. Look.
10th Annual Bangor International Model Train Convention.
Look who's hosting. Sebastian Bach, Skid Row.
My god, trains from all over the world. This year featuring the Swayze Express.
Swayze Express? Patrick Swayze.
Julian's always been really sensitive about the whole Patrick Swayze thing because when we were kids in school, the other kids used to tease him and call him Patrick Swayze but Julian was really into Dirty Dancing.
I remember one time me and Ricky were coming over to get Julian to go ride bikes and we walked in the trailer and Julian was dressed up like him, pretending he was in the movie Dirty Dancing.
Ricky told everyone in school and then from then on they teased him, Patrick Swayze.
Are you fucking with me here Bubbs, cause it's not funny man.
No Julian, not that Patrick Swayze, not the actor, Patrick Swayze.
That's a different one.
Finally someone who knows what the fuck they're doing.
Julian, where the fuck is Lucy?
How should I know?
You're a cole-worker.
Actually, I quit Ricky. Last I saw, she was heading back home.
Here she comes right now.
Don't do anything stupid Ricky.
Why the fuck not Julian.
Ricky, I need a boost. Give me a boost buddy.
Dad, I don't got time for boosts right now. Lucy's banging J-Roc.
I gotta go deal with this right now.
Ricky, I need a fucking boost! And I need it now! Alright.
Bubbles, get this fucking go cart out of my way.
Julian, get that black piece of shit out of here and down the road.
I don't ever want to see it around my car again.
Ricky, I want you to bring your car from there to here, hook up those cables to your car, get me the fuck started so I can get out of here, okay?
Alright. Does anyone know how the fuck these things go on.
Yes, I know how they work!
You don't know how they work.
That's what started this problem Bubbles.
You don't know how they work. You said you did
I do Ray! but you don't! You couldn't even hook them up to your go cart Bubbles.
I'm not getting involved
I don't want to argue about this anymore.
Red on positive, black on negative.
I just want to get home. Cook supper for me and Bubbles, you're still coming over for supper, aren't ya?
Yes! I'm coming for supper.
Alright, mashed potatoes and Newfoundland steak.
The navy is really good. I actually can't see your underwear for once.
Yeah, they look really good Randy.
They are a big improvement.
They're so comfortable. My other ones were so tight.
Yeah, they're only one size bigger too. Randy!
Sorry, Sarah.
Lucy, get the fuck out here. Tell me what's going on.
Nice pants Randy. You still look fucking stupid.
Lucy, I'm serious - get out here and talk to me.
Why don't you just calm down Ricky. fuck off, what do you want? Who is it Luce?
That stupid fucking idiot, dumbi-cop George Green?
Cause it can't be me Lucy, I checked.
Okay, you know what Ricky. Don't be stupid.
You look me right in the eyes, right now.
Tell me I'm the father of the yet to be unborn baby.
Okay, you're getting way
See, you can't. You can't do it.
We can't talk about this right now. You have to chill the fuck out.
Alright, I'll talk to you later.
Lucy! Lucy!
Police Officer George
What a shame.
Another baby that's going to be born in jail.
Police Officer Ted
You tagged her at the Cheeseburger Picnic didn't you George?
Police Officer George
It was one time Ted. I was drunk and high, doesn't count.
Yeah, yeah. You think you're so fucking tough, smoking that big mall dope eh?
It's good dope.
Nice new pants. Good price? How's got the best dope in town?
You do Ricky. You get to the best frigging dope. But you charge too much.
Oh Ricky, leave him fucking alone.
I'm going to spit on you right now Randy.
Don't you dare spit on my pants Ricky. fucking stupid those pants are. [spitting]
How dare you! [spitting]
You just fucking spit on me!
Good! Good, yeah.
I'm going to wipe it all over your body.
Police Officer George
Well, we got all the evidence we need.
We also have four hours of paperwork now, so I don't think we're doing Chippendale's tonight.
Police Officer Ted
I'm not going to miss that.
Police Officer George
Actually, we have someone who can do all that.
He's working at the LC right now.
Police Officer Ted
Ricky, leave Randy alone.
Lucy, I will make you have a uternity test if I have to.
Just tell me who it was, please.
No, I can't tell you.
Come on. Are you alright bud.
Randy, I'm sorry man. I'm just really stressed out.
Are you alright?
Yeah, I'm okay Ricky.
Get the fuck out of here. Lucy, will you please just tell me.
Fine, I can't take this anymore.
Do you remember the second weekend that you and your father spent in the drunk tank?
Well, I had a moment of weakness.
Come on, it just happened one time, I swear. Okay. I'm really sorry.
Lucy, Who did you bang the weekend me and my dad went to the drunk tank?
The second time? Tell me who it was.
Okay, it was Randy. There I said it.
I banged Randy.
It's true. We made love a couple of times that Saturday night.
You're the father of my baby?
Oh my fuck!
Jim Lahey
No thanks, don't drink.
Jim? I hardly recognize you. You're sober.
Jim Lahey
Very funny Sam. Can I see some I.D. please?
I.D., what are you crazy? I'm fucking 49, get the fuck out of
Jim Lahey
Newsflash shit-glasses, you're going back to your cave.
Oh, I see what's going on here. It's because I used to date Barb, isn't it?
I don't deserve this man, it's not fair.
Jim Lahey
Life's not fair same. This is real time, not cave time.
Hang on, hang on, I've got to give the kids back their money.
Jim Lahey
Move it Sam. You got a shower in this rig.
Of course I do. It's just not working.
Jim Lahey
Surprise, surprise. Why don't you scuffle off to your antediluvian world, find some water and hose yourself down?
Don't think I haven't noticed those sly cave man references, Lahey.
Hey Jim, how's the liquor store treating you these days bud.
Jim Lahey
Good George, good.
Had any relapses?
Jim Lahey
How the mighty have fallen.
What's that supposed to mean?
Jim Lahey
Birds of a shit feather, Ted.
Well, speaking of shit Jim, we need you to file the paperwork on this warrant.
For your friends down at the trailer park.
Jim Lahey
George, I'm pulling a double shift now.
If I have to do this, I'll be up til four a.m.
Well, we're going to be up until 4 in the morning too Jim.
Getting drunk, doing security for the Chippendale's.
Get it done.
Jim Lahey
Barb Lahey
So what do you want to talk about Randy.
Or do you need to be high first?
Barb, there's no real easy way of saying this. I frigged up.
Barb Lahey
What are you talking about?
Basically I banged Lucy and knocked her up. No big deal.
Barb Lahey
Oh my god. That was you? Oh, greasy.
Do you know the whole park is talking about that.
Jim Lahey
You cheated on me Randy?
You cheated on us? You cheated on us.
Well, Mr. Lahey. I want to make this work.
If we stay together, we can help Lucy raise our baby.
Barb Lahey
Our baby. No, I don't think so Randy. That'd be your baby.
Oh cinnamon cocks.
Jim Lahey
Randy, it pains me to say this, but I think it would be better if you moved on alone.
Barb Lahey
And now that we've established that, I'd like you out of this trailer, now.
You don't expect me to go live in the supervisor trailer with Ray do you?
Barb Lahey
No, I don't expect you to go live there Randy, because you're fired.
What? What am I going to do?
Barb Lahey
Well, you could go back to mowing lawns.
I mean, they don't mind you doing that when you're stoned.
Jim Lahey
Barb Lahey
Jim Lahey
Mr. Lahey.
Barb Lahey
Jim! So that's a hundred and seventy six ninety-two.
Now would you like me to give it to you or should I give it direct to your drug dealer?
Jim Lahey
Look, you guys have a good time frig dancing.
And Barb, your scalloped potatoes are fucked.
Jim Lahey
They're fantastic Barb.
I'm not knocking Shitty buddy. But he's just a middle man.
You should be making twice as much money.
Well I know Ray, but Shitty drives a hard bargain.
Hey boys. Whoo. Hey boys. I plan on having a few drinks tonight.
You guys want to get drunk with me?
Hey buddy. fuck, Lucy's baby is not going to be mine, cause she's being borned by Randy Dad.
I know.
Love you buddy. Drinks tonight?
Okay buddy. fuck, I almost forgot. I almost forgot.
I sold some dope down at the bowling alley man. Don't tell anybody, alright.
I got that for your mortgage payment.
Ricky, I can't take this.
Oh, he's down. He's down.
Dad, I love you buddy.
Oh, I'm getting drunk tonight, I tell ya.
Man's Voice yelling
Who in the fuck stole my good clothes?
Phil Collins
Hey Rand!
Hey Phil.
Phil Collins
Don't know if I ever introduced you, but this is my son Jacob.
He's your son?
Randy, it's good to meet you.
Good to meet ya.
Phil Collins
Go see Ray man and get the water and the power hooked up. Aren't ya glad to be here?
Yeah, is Julian around?
Phil Collins
Don't worry about that now. Get going.
Kids. Come on, I want to show you something.
Have I got a business proposition for you buddy.
Phil Collins
And this baby is going to do it for us.
It'll make us a fortune. Let me show you inside.
Nice camper, Phil.
Phil Collins
Man, this is what I'm talking about.
I'm going to open my own chip wagon.
We're going to be partners. Burgers, cheeseburgers.
What the frig's going on in there?
Phil Collins
Why are they busting Lahey's cock?
What the frig's going on here, Ted?
Randy. It's okay, Lahey just had a few drinks.
It's not what it looks like.
A few drinks?
It's okay Randy. We just want to talk for a minute, okay?
Geez, the stink of barbeque sauce in this
Phil Collins
Shut your, shut up Randy!
Mr. Lahey! Mr. Lahey!
Phil Collins
Awful fat now, isn't it?
George, what the fuck are we doing?
Taking care of business Ted.
Phone books don't leave any marks.
George, what are you doing? Haven't we done enough?
You want to do some time, Ted?
Come on, we're ending this, right now.
I don't believe this.
Oh, for fuck's sakes.
Mr. Lahey, is everything alright in there?
Boys! Phil! Phil, wake up.
Randy! Randy!
My god!
Crazy liquor and cheeseburger party.
You got any problems with anything, just don't fucking call me, alright?
Cause I don't, I just don't want to deal with anything [sound of crash]
Have another drink Ray!
Just gonna set you up here buddy.
Here's your water and your power hook up.
Sorry Jacob, listen buddy, welcome to the park.
You and Phil Collins. I'm sure you're going to be very happy here.
Well thanks Ray.
Okay buddy. Can you give me a hand with this fucking door would ya buddy.
Just push down on her, yeah, that's all you have to do.
Where does Julian live around here?
He's over there somewhere buddy.
Take a walk around, make yourself at home.
Remember what I said. What did I say?
Don't call you if there's any problems.
Got it.
We've got to start making some money so I can pay some bills man.
No shit.
I've got an idea. I don't want you freaking out.
We can move a lot of dope at the bowling alley in the mall.
A lot Ricky.
The bowling alley again?
Julian, it sells for six bucks a gram.
I know, I know, I know.
But you can buy kush off the cops for nine bucks a gram.
Kush Ricky, that's primo weed. We got to at least lower the price or something man.
I don't care about all these fancy dopes.
My dope's as good as that stuff.
I'm not going less than ten. You're lucky I want to do ten.
Ten is being more than fair here.
Boys! Boys! Come on, I need your help.
9-1-1! 9-1-1!
Bubbles, what is going on? We can't understand you.
Come in here.
Julian, three men, liquor party.
Gone awry barbeque. Burgers, god-damned greasy horror show.
Burgers. Liquor everywhere. Come on.
What the fuck went on in here?
Some kind of a crazy liquor cheeseburger party Ricky.
Let's get them outside boys, come on!
Phil Collins
Bubbles, you gotta get Randy out of the way. Come on!
He's too fat.
Can you guys give me a fucking hand in here?
Come on, fucking help me.
Phil Collins
Watch out. He's got methadone gases, he's going to blow up.
Phil Collins
Jesus, the smell of liquor and barbeque sauce boys, fuck, I can't take it.
Boys, they breathed in a lot of carbon monoxide.
We're going to have to give them mouth to mouth.
I'm not fucking kissing these guys.
Ricky, it's not kissing them.
It's saving their lives. We gotta do this.
I'm not doing it here in the open where people can see. Let's get the fucking wheelbarrow and move them somewhere.
Alright, we'll take them back to your place.
But let's hurry up, we're wasting time.
Let's load em up!
Okay, who gets who in here?
I'll tell you right now, there's no way I'm doing that shit on Phil Collins.
Alright, we'll draw cigarettes then.
Those are my cigarettes.
Shut up Ricky!
How does this work Julian?
Okay, the short one gets Phil.
Oh, thank fuck!
Oh dear. Oh, for fuck's sake.
I can't do it on Phil. He smells like mackerel.
Do you want Randy or Lahey? fucking take Lahey, I guess.
Idea boys. Here. Take the tin foil.
Poke a hole in it. Put it over their mouth, that way there's no lip to lip contact.
Great idea Bubbles, great idea.
Okay boys, look. Pinch the nose, tilt the head back, muckle on and start blowing air into them.
Oh my god, what happened?
Crazy cheeseburger party got out of hand Lucy.
Call an ambulance right now.
You gotta keep driving the air out of them boys.
Phil Collins
Jesus Christ! Phil exploded.
What a stink! Oh my fuck, it worked.
Get some fresh air you fucking dummies.
What were you doing barbequing?
Come on Phil, you big gurgling bastard!
Come on Lahey.
My fuck! Ricky, do I got mackerel juice on me?
Jim Lahey
Thanks Ricky.
Here, have a drink Jim.
Jim Lahey
Thanks Julian but no thanks.
So what the hell happened to you guys?
Jim Lahey
The last thing I remember was Ted and George attacking me with phone books.
They are going to pay dearly for this one.
I was wondering what they were doing with those phone books.
Jim Lahey
Randy, it's an old police tactic.
Phone books don't leave a bruise.
But Jim, why would Ted and George want to beat you up?
Jim Lahey
Cause I was supposed to do some paperwork for them last night and I didn't.
Jim Lahey
Guys, they're on to you at the airport.
They wanted me to process search warrants for your trailer, for J-Roc's and Lucy's. But I tore them up to protect you.
Jesus Jim.
Mr. Lahey, why would you go have a crazy cheeseburger liquor party and barbeque inside?
It doesn't make sense.
Jim Lahey
I wasn't barbequing inside Bubbles.
Yes you were. The barbeque was laying right in the middle of the living room.
Look at your fucking robe.
There's still burn marks from the charcoal.
Jim Lahey
Oh my god. They tried to kill me.
Phil Collins
They tried to kill us Jimmy. They did.
They're dirty fucking cops.
Jim Lahey
Jesus, shut the fuck up Phil.
And they tried to make it look like an accident.
My god.
Jim Lahey
Time to put on the gloves boys.
We got two shiny shit badges to get rid of.
And it's going to get messy.
Excuse me, should I be treated too?
I inhaled nebulized mackerel juice.
I cannot fucking believe Officers cock-knuckles and Dickwad.
When can they get another warrant?
Jim Lahey
Tomorrow morning. Well boys, there is something we can do. But I'll be honest with you.
It'd be dangerous. Perhaps even life threatening.
Problem is, we need someone to put it on the line.
Someone with nothing to lose. Someone with absolutely no hope.
Jesus Jimmy. What the hell happened here buddy?
Dad, you're a good man.
Why would the police try to kill you?
Phil Collins
Those dirty cops didn't want any witnesses.
Dirty pricks. Not all cops are like that though son.
Hey, you got a hair cut didn't you?
Oh yeah.
Looks cool man.
Jim Lahey
Look, we got a lot of work to do here.
We can talk about Jacob's hair later.
We need evidence of George and Ted beating someone up.
We gotta frame them. It's the only way.
That's where you come in Ray.
What do you mean, Jimmy?
Jim Lahey
Ray, you're going to have to let Ted and George beat you up.
I'm not going to let my dad get beatened up.
Jim Lahey
Listen, trust me, it's not going to hurt.
Just a second now Rick. Just uh, let's hear him out. Uh, Jimmy, I'll tell ya one thing though.
I'm not doing anything unless I get a bottle of liquor in front of me.
I don't care what happens.
Jim Lahey
Already thought of that Ray.
That was my idea, Mr.
Jim Lahey
Lucy, let it go.
Jim Lahey
Well, I don't know if it's worth it for just a free bit of liquor Jim.
It's not Dad, it's stupid.
Mr. Lahey, do you have access to Ray's drinking and driving records down at the police station there?
Jim Lahey
Where you going with this Bubbs?
One second. Ray, Shitty knows a lot of people.
If we delete those records, he could probably get you a rig, we could get you on the road, Ray. This is a no-brainer.
I don't know what you're talking about Bubbs.
[whispering] Scrap metal.
Mr. Lahey?
Jim Lahey
Yes Bubbs.
Well, I'm just thinking you know, you can delete those drinking and driving records for Ray, you got yourself a dealio!
Jim Lahey
That's a pretty tall order Bubbles.
Yeah, it's a tall order but if anyone can do it, you can.
You're a powerful, powerful man, Mr. Lahey.
Jim Lahey
You phone George. He'll believe it coming from you.
You say Ray found our three bodies, he's drunk, and he's saying he saw stuff. He'll come for sure then. fuck, you got sweat all over me, you fucking sweaty beach ball.
Frig off Ricky.
Frig off Randy.
How much can you bench press Julian?
A lot Jacob.
Look, fucking Randy's getting high again.
Jim Lahey
Randy. Maybe you could lay off the dope for a couple of minutes. I need two aluminum bats.
There's two under
Jim Lahey
Randy, go get em!
Lahey! Do you even care your fucking trailer is smoldering in here?
Jim Lahey
Jacob, stop staring at Julian and make sure that fire is out.
Go, boy, go.
Jim Lahey
Phil, I want you to go in there and make sure everything is exactly the same as when and Ted and George, now get the fuck in there. Ray, when Ted and George get here, I want you to hint that you saw something.
Now they're not going to do anything til they're sure what you know.
Then, you take em up here, anywhere in this area in front of the car.
Anywhere in here. And that's when you tell them that you have a back spasm.
You got it?
Jim Lahey
Okay bud.
They're never going to fall for that.
Jim Lahey
Of course they will Lucy. It's George Green.
Think about it.
You banged him, so you know how dumb he is.
You bang the stupidest guys, I don't get it. fucking Randy and George.
Jim Lahey
Here Bubbs. I need you to crouch down.
They can't see you. When you hear Ted and George hitting Ray, you're going to press record.
Right there.
Jim Lahey
You got it?
Jim Lahey
Jim Lahey
Alright. Ricky, Julian, Lucy.
You're going to be watching from behind the trailer.
You're going to come out and help me make the arrest. Got it?
The fire's out, what should I do next Mr. Lahey?
Jim Lahey
I'm sorry Jacob. I got nothing for you on this one.
Is it okay if I just hang out by Julian?
Jim Lahey
Yeah, it's okay if you fucking hang out by Julian, I don't give a shit.
Phil Collins
What don't you just fucking lighten up Jimmy?
Jim Lahey
What are you talking about, you dumb gurgling fuck. Why do you keep fucking getting up in everybody's face? Just stay out of this.
Everyone shut the fuck up.
Jim Lahey
I need control on this one.
We gotta fucking work together on this.
Are those bats
Jim Lahey
Randy. Ray look. They're kids' bats.
Light as a feather. They're aluminum.
Jim, come on. They're hard as rock buddy.
Come on.
Dad, they make beer cans out of it.
It's not that bad. We've crushed those on our head before.
Jim Lahey
Right. Let's get Ray some liquor and do this.
Ray, what do you need? Another forty.
Two Jimmy.
Jim Lahey
Good man.
Dad, I promise you, I'm not going to let you get hurt.
You'll be okay.
You think it's going to be alright?
I sort of trust Lahey now. I think it's yeah.
Trust my son, I trust you buddy.
I trust you too Dad.
You've got to get the fuck over here.
There's an emergency. Ray's shooting off, saying that he saw a bunch of stuff and great, thanks. They'll be right over.
Jim Lahey
Great work, Luce. You ready Ray?
Drunk enough?
Feeling no pain, Jimmy.
Jim Lahey
Alright boys, take your positions. D-day.
Okay Dad?
Not feeling good buddy.
Alright, love ya.
Love you man.
Hey, is that real gold?
Fourteen carats buddy. Come on, let's go.
Police Officer Ted
What's going on here Ray?
Terrible accident Teddie.
Three good men are dead.
Police Officer Ted
Yup, we've seen this kind of thing before.
Police Officer George
What a tragedy.
Crazy liquor and cheeseburger party gone out of control.
Look what happens. God damned shame.
Don't blame this on the liquor boys.
Police Officer Ted
What do you mean by that Ray?
Just what I said Ted.
Police Officer George
So did you actually see what happened Ray?
Hard to say exactly boys.
Had a couple of drinks, saw a couple of things.
Police Officer George
Was there something on your mind?
Maybe something you'd like to share with us.
There's something on my mind.
Police Officer George
Well let's hear it.
Alright. You boys want a drink.
Police Officer George
Ah, no, we're good.
Police Officer George
You got something to say.
Oh. Jesus boys, oh.
Police Officer George
What's wrong?
Oh fuck. It's my back. Just a second, whoa fuck, Jesus. Just a second.
I gotta work this out boys. Oh fuck. Jesus, George.
Take this bat buddy. You gotta do me a favour.
You gotta hit me on the back with that bat. Teddy, grab that bat.
Police Officer Ted
You sure?
Oh yeah, fuck yeah boys, come on.
Police Officer George
Ray, we still need that statement.
It's the only way to get rid of the spasms George.
Police Officer Ted
Like this?
No boys. Come on to me.
You gotta really come on to me there. Oh! Oh!
Jim Lahey
Did you get it Bubbles?
Hands in the air boys, you're under arrest for police brutality.
Police Officer George
You, what the fuck? Ricky?
Yeah, that's right.
Police Officer George
What the fuck is going on here?
Jim, take that weapon off us right now.
Jim Lahey
Bring them inside boys.
Police Officer Ted
Let go of me.
Try to kill my fucking friends.
Phil Collins
Peanut butter and jaaaaaaam!
Jim Lahey
What the fuck are you doing Phil?
Police Officer Ted
What makes you think that you're going to get away with this?
Jim Lahey
Hey, we'll take our chances.
Hey Dad. How you feeling?
Jim Lahey
Lahey, what the fuck are you doing?
Jimmy? You alright there Jimmy?
Right on. Thanks buddy.
Jim Lahey
Ray, we got a problem.
What's that?
Jim Lahey
You're looking too good.
I don't feel so good buddy.
I feel like a piece of shit, to be honest with you.
Jim Lahey
Listen buddy. I'm going to have to hit you in the face, fifteen or twenty times. It's your choice Ray.
I understand if you don't want to do it.
I'm going to do it. I want that rig boys.
I just don't want you to hit me Jimmy.
I want my boy to hit me.
Dad, I'm not going to hit you in the face, okay?
I want you to do it. Go ahead, give me one of your best shots.
I'm not hitting you Dad.
Rick, we gotta do it bud. Go ahead.
Well, I mean. If you did get back on the road, what kind of a rig do you think you'd be driving.
Oh fuck man, I know exactly what I want.
A fucking Western Star [groan] Jesus.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry I gotta do this.
It's only going to take a few minutes.
Jim Lahey
You're a good man Ray.
Oh man.
You're my Dad, right? You're my Dad.
Yeah, oh fuck, yeah. [mumbling]
I feel bad. I understand if you want to give me one shot.
No fuck. Buddy, I'm not like that, I'm not like that. Come on, you know I'm not like that.
Seriously, bygones. fucking, you suckered me buddy. Come on, what's with that?
Let me see if I understand what counsel is saying and correct me if I'm wrong. Jump in at any point.
Officers Green and Johnson were lured to the Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Where they were tricked into beating up a defenseless man with baseball bats because he had back spasms.
And then later on, to help sell what we clearly see are very real injuries on Ray's body, Ray had his friends beat him for real while he was drunk.
Is that basically it? He staged a beating of himself.
Yeah, I mean, I'm not in college, but you guys got books and stuff to see that this is obviously a little fucky.
Why don't we watch the video and see if it supports that theory.
Your honour, I, can we please turn that shit off.
I can't watch it anymore.
Please shut it off. I mean, the beating is one thing but now my dad's got all this psycho-piss-a-logical stuff in his head.
Because of the beating, these guys can't be on the streets anymore.
Phil Collins
Ricky, there's onion ring fragments on me.
Get them off.
I'm not touching those.
Get them off!
Phil Collins
I'm sorry your honour.
The Crown rests My Lord.
Okay, well under the circumstances, I think I've heard enough.
Officers Green and Johnson, please stand.
You both had so much promise.
Officers Green and Johnson, you will spend the next five years in prison thinking about your actions.
Effective immediately.
Police Officer Green
Five years!
Congratulations Jim.
I didn't think you had it in you.
Jim Lahey
You crossed the line George. You crossed the shit line.
You fooled them Ray. Fooled everyone.
It was unbelievable today in that courtroom.
I mean, they believed everything we fucking did.
It was great.
What the hell was Phil eating anyway?
Chicken wings?
Onion rings.
I had a piece of fucking chicken wing on the back of my neck
Ray, listen! I gotta tell you something.
I got you a rig.
Ah, Bubbles, come on, don't fuck with me.
I'm not fucking with you!
I worked out a deal with Shitty Ray.
We got a rig for thirty days, hauling scrap metal.
You got me a rig?
Me. For to drive?
You're a trucker again Ray!
Buddy, I don't know what to fucking say.
Don't say anything Ray.
You're back on the road, but I'm in charge.
Oh fuck yeah!
Hey buddy. Isn't she something?
Ray, you're two hours late.
Had to do a couple of things bud.
Ah! There's ladies up in my seat.
You know, they needed a ride to Maine.
I don't see it's any big deal. It's not going to slow us up.
They're ladies of the evening!
Friends of the road, buddy.
Open it up. I'll load the carts on.
No really, Ray, I'll get em. Don't worry about it.
Come on, you got her bud.
Good work Bubbs. [Clapping]
Good work buddy.
I was joking! I could use some help.
[shouting] Ricky, wake up!
Rick! Ricky!
Get up! [banging on door]
Hey man. Little early, isn't it?
I gotta show you something.
Watch where you step man, there's fucking frogs in here again.
Here, check that out.
[reading] Dear boys, Ray is driving me
Here, give me that.
[reading] Ray is driving me to Maine to make a little money on scrap and I'm going to that train convention I told you about.
I need you to feed Shitrock and the Purr-monster. Back in a few days, Bubbles.
Well, don't worry about it. I mean, he's with my dad. He'll be alright.
Woman 1
Want a beer, Ray?
Oh god, yes.
Thanks baby.
How's that feel Ray?
Oh Mandy, that's perfect.
Bubbs, way of the road buddy.
Way of the road.
Yeah, well the way of Bubbles is that I'm not missing this train convention [whispering] cause you're doing greasy stuff.
Geez, buddy, come on.
What time did Shitty say to meet him?
Eight o'clock in Skowhegan, buddy.
Eight in Skowhegan. Well listen Ray, you get drunk tonight and do your thing.
First thing in the morning, we're back on the road.
I'm not missing Sebastian, he's on at four.
Hey, Bubbs.
Hot hamburg sandwiches!
Equals hot "pull the fuck over". I'm starving.
Hot hamburg sandwiches, girls.
Okay. That was great. Mandy thanks.
You're wonderful. Hey Bubbs, hey buddy.
Can you get a picture of both you and me in front of the American flag there?
Yeah Ray. Yeah, alright. I'll wind her up here.
Got her? In America buddy.
Got the flag?
I think so. Smile.
Ray, these pictures turned out excellent.
Well that's a great shot Bubbs, love that one.
Hey, I like those guys. Who are those girls?
I was taking a picture of the truck Ray.
Ray, look, I checked stainless steel this morning.
It's going through the roof.
I mean, even after we take out rig rental, gas money, food and liquor and Shitty's cut, four grand each!
I'm Ray.
Paradise. This is Sandy Mason.
Hey Sandy, Hey Paradise. Nice meeting you.
I've got the big black rig out front, S&B on the side.
Right, I saw it out there.
You got a, you got a mattress in there?
In the back, of course, yeah.
We're just passing through.
We don't have time to talk. Nice to meet ya's though.
Very nice. Ray!
Back off!
Do we gotta take somebody with us every time we leave?
It's way of the road Bubbs. You meet people.
That's what happens when you are on the road.
Well, can't it just be the two of us driving alone instead of ladies of the evening?
They're friends of the road Bubbs, and they're not going to be there the whole time.
Come on, Bubbs, be hospitable.
Ray, I didn't want to have to say this.
It's awkward and uncomfortable.
Ray, that fucking gravy? Unbelievable!
Best gravy in all of Maine, down here buddy.
I don't know how they make it, it's so thick.
Oh, it's a lot of hamburger shit, and chicken shit.
They put it all together. Oh fuck Bubbles, listen.
Can you go back and get Shitty a twelve pack of beer.
I forgot. Would you mind?
Hey there, do you boys like to party?
No actually, we don't like to party.
We like to get back on the road.
Actually I, I like to party. Come on.
Okay, well listen, you're going to have to be quick cause Bubbles is going to be back here any minute, okay?
Um, let me just um fucking get rid of this. Um.
Hon, you gotta pay up front.
Yeah, yeah, okay. Let's do it.
What the fuck is this?
You're under arrest for soliciting prostitution.
What! Soliciting prostitution. That's prostitution.
What do you think that money was for? That?
No, who the hell are you? You're not even a real cop.
This is bullshit. Ack! What are you guys doing.
Something else. bastards.
You guys are going to hear about this.
I am a Canadian citizen. This is an illegal arrest in the United States of America. I want to drive back to Canada.
You guys are, you are going to have a lot of explaining to do.
You want to start explaining now, cause it's, there's going to be a lot of trouble. My government.
[shouting] No, I'm not going. I didn't do anything wrong.
That's horseshit and you know it. I want your name.
You're going to be hearing from my government.
I'm a citizen of the government of Canada
I'm in a lot of shit.
Julian, oh my fuck. Ray fucked up.
He's busted. I got no money.
I'm at a truck stop right off of airline route number
Bubbles, Bubbles, Bubbles, slow down.
Slow down. Relax.
I'm in Bangor Maine, Julian.
I don't know it's a truck stop. Highway 301 or something.
I have no money. I'm scared shitless.
I don't know what to do.
You gotta come and get me. That's all there is to it.
You take the new ferry Julian, you'll be here in less than seven hours. Please, I'm scared.
Get Lucy to look after Shitrock and the Purr-monster.
Alright, alright, I promise I'll look after Shitrock and the Purr-monster. Just don't move where you're at okay. Just stay right there.
I'm fucking scared Julian. Hurry up.
Just don't move from where you're at, okay?
Holy fuck!
Only two miles from the border.
Pull over.
Ricky, just pull over.
Okay, get out. I'm driving.
Why, what are you talking about?
Rick, we're crossing into the US, we gotta make sure there's no dope in this car.
They're not going to search up there.
They're going to search everything Ricky.
That would have landed us in jail for ten years.
That's not good. Keep looking.
Are they really that fucked down there?
They're fucked.
Shitty! Shitty, it's Bubbles.
Yeah listen, bud. The rig got seized.
Ray got busted.
Yeah, whores. I think he's in deep shit Shitty.
I'm fucking here all alone.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
Just tell Rusty in Skowhegan, we're not going to be there.
The deal's off. I'm sorry.
Alright, you too Shitty.
Thanks bud.
Oh man, are they ever getting fucked over.
You're supposed to throw your dope away before you get to the border. You fucked up.
[barking sound] Shut the fuck up.
Ricky, are you sure there's no dope in here?
I'm pretty sure Julian.
There's a couple of cracks and stuff, I think I got rid of all of it.
Pretty sure? Rick, you've got to be a hundred percent.
Border Guard
What's your business in the US?
Shopping at the factory outlets in Calais.
Border Guard
Go ahead.
Are you sure?
Border Guard
You want me to pull you over and search your car?
No, no, that's fine.
Border Guard
Alright, thank you Officer.
That's fucking it?
You made me throw my dope away for that?
Now we got no fucking dope down here.
Voice over telephone
In the movie Meatballs, who played the crazy camp counselor? One, Marlon Brando.
Two, Bill Murray, or Three, Tom Hanks.
Voice over telephone
You're absolutely right. Bill Murray.
Ah, no kidding! That was easy. fuck, I hope he didn't leave.
Where the fuck is he?
There's a phone booth.
Holy fuck, that's him.
He's in the phone booth.
Bubbles. [fingers snapping]
Bubbles, are you okay? Bubbs, it's us!
Bubbs, it's us. It's okay.
We're not going to hurt you.
You're just in shock man.
Train convention.
Yeah, yeah, train convention, remember that?
Julian, keep talking about the trains.
Snap him out of it. I'll get the car, alright.
Holy fuck Julian. I'm tired.
I haven't slept in like twenty- five hours. Trains.
Lay down Bubbles, get some sleep.
I can't sleep Julian.
Julian, we're not really going to this fucking train convention are we?
I got no dope. I can't deal with fucking training modeling with no dope.
Rick, we're doing this for Bubbles.
I'm worried about him. He needs us.
He needs to relax. Let's just try to have some fun and stop worrying about dope.
Fine, I'll fucking go, but I gotta find some fucking dope, Julian.
He is fucking banged up.
Hey Bubbs. Bubbs, wake up.
Reindeer, reindeer.
Wake up, buddy. We're here.
What? Where are we? Where's Ray?
We're at the convention.
Oh, let's rock some beers.
Let's go check out some trains, come on man.
Well, let's set up camp first while we still got the light.
Sebastian Bach
Hey guys! What the fuck's going on!
Sebastian's Handler
Sebastian please, no swearing.
Sebastian Bach
Hey, who here loves trains?
I'll get ya inside. What's up dude? Hey how's it going?
How long am I going to do this?
Sebastian's Handler
Hour, hour and a half tops.
Sebastian Bach
That's all I'm giving you.
You better get me some fucking
Sebastian's Handler
I'll get you some fucking weed.
Don't I always hook you up?
Two bucks a pack? In jail? fuck, I should get arrested, come in and hang out with you.
No, I know.
Alright. Well you take care of yourself in there buddy.
Love you dad. Okay, see you.
How's Ray doing?
Not too bad. He got three months, which is pretty good for whores.
Just needs some cigarette money, he's going to meet us back at the park.
Do you guys know how fucking cheap cigarettes are here?
It's ridiculous.
Ricky, let's go in and look at some trains now.
Come on.
Tyson Trains is proud to present our competitive model train world champion, Sebastian Bach.
Sebastian Bach
You know, I was told that I wasn't supposed to swear in here tonight.
But I know, I just know, that there is some great fucking trains here in Bangor.
Oh, boys, check it out!
Hey, got any dope?
Hey, do you guys smoke dope?
Got any hash, bottle tokes? Smoke dope, got a roach around here? Who's got dope around here?
Smarten the fuck up.
Boy, check out the train sets.
Look at the fucking detail. Little cars, little people.
Amazing! Holy fuck, boys.
Sebastian Bach is on stage.
That is him!
Little girl
How'd you get into model railroading Sebastian.
Sebastian Bach
Great question. Couple of tours back, me and the guys woke up one morning.
We'd stolen a model train from somewhere the night before.
Crazy fucking night. I don't know, we didn't really remember but we set it up and geez, before we even knew it, we weren't even drinking in the daytime any more.
We were just playing with that train.
I fucking love model train railroading man.
That's how I became a champion.
Little boy
Yeah. Who holds first place in weight pull this year?
Sebastian Bach
That would be Patrick Swayzie.
Little boy
Damn right!
Well Sebastian Bach and Patrick Swayzie, those guys have a rivalry going on hard and, I mean, the gossip is that Sebastian is very jealous of Swayzie's train and you can't blame him. It's a fucking nice train.
Little boy
Is it true that you backed down from a fight with him last year?
Apparently Sebastian got fed up last year at the World Championships in Copenhagen, and he told Patrick Swayzie to fuck off.
[laughing] Swayzie wouldn't fuck off though, he challenged him to a fight right in front of everybody.
Sebastian Bach
As I told everybody, I was sick with the fucking flu.
I didn't back down from shit!
Little boy
Bullshit you had the flu, you had the "I'm afraid of Patrick Swayzie".
You know what, Patrick Swayzie uses illegal parts.
That's why he's winning all the time.
Maybe you should stop hurting people's feelings.
Sebastian Bach
Guys, if you want to talk about Patrick Swayzie all fucking night, then it's over for here for me right now.
Sebastian's handler
Sebastian, dude, you gotta chill with this Swayzie shit, alright?
Sebastian Bach
Dude, I'm kind of busy with chicks.
Alright? Alright? What are you, my mum?
Sebastian's handler
I'm glad you cheered up a little bit.
Sebastian Bach
Well, what else can we do to cheer up tonight?
Let's go check out the Swayzie Express man, come on.
I'm just going to go to the bathroom.
Really nice to meet you.
Sebastian Bach
Hey, you know what, tell your buddy I said thanks for sticking up for me out there.
I will, and you know what? He was wondering if you know where to get some weed. We're from Canada and can't find nothing.
We're just dying for a toke.
Sebastian Bach
I don't do drugs.
Yes, you do. I saw you on the cover of High Times.
I know you smoke dope.
Sebastian Bach
I'll meet you in the parking lot, alright.
I'll see you there in about an hour or so. fucking awesome.
Sebastian Bach
Here you go.
No, I'm good thanks.
Sebastian Bach
[laughing] Yes!
Ladies and gentlemen, gather round.
And witness the fantastic, the international red ribbon finalist, the custom-built, incredible Swayzie Express.
The only one in the world. The personal train of
Bubbs, you okay man?
Patrick Swayzie.
Fine, Julian.
Oh Julian, if I don't find some dope soon, man, I'm going to start to go crazy. There's got to be some dope in here somewhere, fell down through the vents or something over the years. Dirty old fucking roach.
Hey boys?
I think I'm going to go stretch my legs.
Okay Bubbs. fucking, fucking coming off.
Oh, where'd it go, yes!
Sebastian Bach
What's going on with you freaks? fuck, he showed up!
My fuck he's cool Julian.
Cool fucking car man!
Sebastian Bach
Sorry it took so long dude.
Good to meet you man.
Sebastian Bach
Nice to meet you too. fuck, we didn't think you were coming.
I ripped my whole fucking dash out looking for dope.
Sebastian Bach
Dude, I got some dope but it's like half a fucking gram of shit mall weed from the fucking arcade. fuck, well I found some great dope.
Sebastian Bach
For real?
Yeah. I grew this myself man.
This is good fucking Canadian dope, it'll blow your head off.
Sebastian Bach
Well dude, did you not notice that there's like gum and hair on it.
I know, but it's awesome, trust me.
Sebastian Bach
Cool. Where's your buddy?
That cool guy with the glasses?
I think he went to rock a piss. fuck, I can't believe you paid twelve bucks a gram for this shitty arcade dope. I'm going to smoke some more of mine.
Sebastian Bach fuck, I haven't had a dope like this in years. fucking years! You grew this?
Yeah man.
Sebastian Bach
I haven't had dope like this since I was touring Europe in '88 with Scorpions.
[shouting] Hello California!
You are crazy! We are Scorpions!
Rock you like a Hurricane!!!
Sebastian's Handler
Sebastian Bach
What the fuck!
Sebastian's Handler
Sebastian Bach
Dude, this weed kicks my ass man.
We've got tons of that stuff back home man, here.
Sebastian Bach
Not to be a pain, but is there any chance I can buy just what you have here?
It's so hard to get good dope here these days.
Dude, there's fucking greasy old bees on this one.
Am I paying for the bees too? What is this, fucking honey oil?
It was in the fucking dash man. Sorry.
Hey guys.
Sebastian Bach
Oh dude.
Thank you so much for sticking up for me out there.
No problem, I mean. Train guys know the real deal.
It's all about respect, Mr. Bach.
Sebastian Bach
Geez, hang on a sec. fuck, I gotta get going man.
My wife is going to fucking kill.
I really really appreciate the dope guys.
No problem.
Sebastian Bach
You know what, it was really nice meeting you cocksuckers.
Nice meeting you too man.
Sebastian Bach
Right on dude. Listen, take my card alright, I want you guys to give me a call, but be super cool on the phone, alright?
Got another one of those?
Sebastian Bach
Yeah dude, right on.
Sebastian Bach
I think I'm too fucking baked man.
Sebastian's Handler
Give me the keys.
Sebastian Bach
You're driving.
Boys, you know what, fuck camping here.
Let's, let's get outta here.
Bubbles, chill out. We're having a good time here.
No boys, pack it up. Let's go.
What the fuck's wrong man?
Just get in the car! Let's go!
Ricky, Julian. Wake up, we're home.
Boys, wake up. I gotta show you guys something.
It's going to freak you out.
Boys, I don't know exactly what came over me but I just couldn't stop myself.
I had to have it.
The personal train of Patrick Swayzie.
Bubbles, have you lost your fucking mind?
No Ricky. I'm fine.
I'm working on a plan right now.
It's going to be perfect.
Nobody's going to get caught.
It's going to be smooth.
My god Bubbles, the size of this thing.
Oh I know Ricky, look at it.
You know though, I've gone over it top to bottom like a bunch of times and I can't find any illegal parts on this thing.
You know what I think is going on?
Sebastian Bach is Mr. Jealousy Pants.
He's jealous of Patrick Swayzie.
He made all that shit up.
Well, he was shooting off pretty hard at that train convention Bubbles.
How is Axel doing? Right on.
Rob Thomas? Well eleven bucks, you can't go wrong man.
Look at the speed it's got. fucking cool!
The personal train of Patrick Swayzie.
Can't talk to you on the phone about it okay.
I don't condone crime you know that but thank you for stealing this train for me.
Bubbles? You stole the train man.
We had nothing to do with it.
Ricky, you cannot tell anybody that we have that train.
Promise me.
Sure man, yeah.
I promise. Whatever.
Got a great fucking idea though.
I'm gonna sit over there, you stay here.
Get the fucking bong, put it in one of the cars right here and we can ship bong tokes back and forth to each other.
I think I just figured it out.
I can get the dope to you.
Yeah, no problem.
I'm telling you Bubbles.
Smoking dope, playing with model trains is a good fucking time man.
What are you doing anyway?
Nothing Dad.
Well, what's with all the dye and the beard and the weights and, you look like, what are you trying to look like?
Nothing Dad, just leave me alone.
Listen boy, while you're under my roof, it's my rules.
And burgers is all about them rules.
Burgers were good to me, they're good to you.
Dad, what are you talking about?
Eleven bucks a gram boys, that's what I'm talking about.
That's what my dope's worth.
I'm glad we waited.
So when's whats-his-fucky, Sebastian, coming to pick it up?
Oh, he's not coming here Rick.
What? What do you mean he's not coming here?
We're going to smuggle it to him, into Maine.
Think about it.
At eleven bucks a gram, that's almost five thousand bucks a pound.
We got a hundred pounds, do the bath buddy.
Cause we're set up, man.
Fifty thousand dollars.
No Ricky, that's five hundred thousand dollars.
So how the fuck are we going to get it there?
With this.
We're going to run a track through the woods, across the border. and load the weed onto the freight cars.
It's going to be easy.
Oh, I get it yeah.
Using the train.
Do you have any idea how much track we'd have to lay to get a train like this into the US undetected?
Oh yeah, I know.
It'd be a lot.
Probably a world record Bubbs.
But you'd be in charge of it man.
World record.
That hadn't crossed my mind Julian.
Boys, who are we kidding, I mean.
No man, no train has ever done anything like that.
Swayzie Express is not powerful enough to pull all that dope.
Ricky, you don't have to try to trick me.
We are going to run this train into the US, and make no mistake about it.
That world record will be mine.
Beer, Bubbles?
Oh, you read my mind, Ricky.
Mr. Lahey
Check it out boys.
My new office.
It's a real good chance I'm going to make Staff Sergeant.
It's looking real good.
How can I help you guys?
We need detailed topographical maps of the New Brunswick border.
We need to know how many forest rangers are out there, where they're at, what they drive, any kind of information you can get us.
Mr. Lahey
Step into the office boys.
Look, if I'm going to be promoted here, you're going to have to chill out.
I've been real good to you guys, but we're going to have to put an end to this shit.
We're all friends.
You helped my dad get his rig license back and we took out George and Ted for you.
I know shit about you, you know shit about me.
That makes us shit brothers.
Come on, we're shit brothers.
Don't forget, you signed a peace treaty with us Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
What's going down here?
Listen, the less you know, the better okay.
That's all we can tell you.
Yeah Lahey, just get us our fucking topa, toper, grack, fucking land papers Jim, just get us the fucking land papers a.s.a.t.
Put them in the mailbox.
Don't be a fuckhead.
Thanks Jim.
All we need now is some jail cover to take a little scout to Maine for us, today.
I know just where to find these dicks. fuck, is that who I fucking think it is?
Oh my god, that's Jacob Collins.
Julian, he's rocking your look hard.
What the fuck is he wearing?
He's got a back T-shirt, a black goatee, and he's rocking a goofy little drink.
Did he dye his fucking hair? He did!
He looks like you Julian.
Without any muscles.
Look at the drink, Ricky.
It's one of those old mustard glasses, with the diamond and clubs on it.
Bubbs, lay off Jacob alright.
Holy fuck, look who he's talking too.
Isn't that meat store dicks. fuck, remember how stupid those guys were?
They'd be perfect jail cover.
Well, I'll tell you right now, we're not going to find any people dumber than those guys.
They are dumb.
My goodness.
Let's get them.
A mustard glass.
Hey guys.
Hey Julian.
Hey Jacob.
Changed the look a little bit have you Jacob?
Lower your fucking drink in front of Julian, respect.
Chaining too Jacob? What are you rocking there?
Is that a mustard glass?
That's hard core.
Jacob, you want to hang out with us today.
Oh yeah, totally.
Julian, get the other two dummies too.
We're going to need them alright?
You and your two friends.
Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Come here for a second.
Are you in charge of those guys?
Um, yeah, yeah.
Those are my boys.
Alright then, take charge, get them in the fucking car now.
Okay. Hey boys, let's get in the car.
Let's fucking go.
Are you fucking talking to me Jacob?
No, he's talking to the guys Ricky.
Well, you want to learn how to do it?
Hey, cock-a-doodle, fucking Ketchup chips.
Yo-yo dick, get in the fucking car.
Let's go, in the fucking car now. The trunk.
Alright, you sit in the back seat. Let's go.
You guys shut the fuck up.
Let the big boys talk.
You say anything, you're fucking dead. Understand?
What are you going to do to us?
We're making you part of our crew.
Our team of friends.
This is the big time now which means you guys can hang out with us.
But right now, you're fucking nothing.
Out of the car, on the grass.
Move it guys.
We're not friends yet.
You're nothing.
And you're nothing until we say you aren't nothing.
And until then, I'm going to be really, really fucking hard on you guys.
Especially you with your fucking rooster bald headed little, I don't even know what the fuck that is.
Don't talk to me like fucking Lahey talks to Randy Julian.
I'm serious.
Ricky look, I know these guys are fucked but maybe you should lighten up on them.
Remember what happened to Cory and Trevor.
What happened to Cory and Trevor?
Oh nothing.
You guys will never, ever be a Cory and Trevor, alright.
Cory and Trevor meant the world to me.
Now I know how much you like the Monte Carlo, so here.
Take it for the weekend and have a good time, alright.
All expenses paid.
Just top up the gas before you give it back to me.
I've got an exam next week.
What the fuck are you getting learned that's so important?
Hotel/motel management.
Motel/motel dumbagement.
Give me the fucking drink.
You're drinking fucking pop? Pop?
Don't worry about it.
You can study along the way, okay?
Let's load up the car guys.
Okay, here's the map.
We got lots of food for you.
Bubbles; There's two bags of Shreddies and three bags of licorice boys.
That should do ya just fine.
And this is where I want you to drive to, to do a little recon. for me okay, I mean us.
Your friends, alright?
What are you still doing here?
Get the fuck over to Bubbles shed for more instructions.
Boys, get the fuck going.
Alright fellows, listen up.
I'm the engineer here.
And I don't like to repeat myself.
Take this camera.
You're going to record every road, every bridge, every friggin slope of the land.
All the directions are in here.
Pay particular attention to the section on leveling the track.
If the track's not on level ground, you guys fucked up.
What track?
The fucking train track.
That's what this test is all about.
To see if you guys are really our friends or not.
This is the track here Jacob.
It snaps together like that.
Make sure the copper connectors are touching.
Okay, that's easy.
Ready to get behind the wheel of a Monte Carlo?
Okay, put it in park.
Nice job man.
Get out of the fucking car.
You guys somehow manage to pull this off, we're going to be friends, I promise, alright.
We even come to vocational school, have lunch with you guys sometimes and take my car to the final exam for all I give a fuck.
We're going to be friends guys if you pull this off.
Gentlemen, there's where you pick up the remainder of the track.
It's off Exit 14.
There'll be a gentleman named Shitty Bill awaiting your arrival.
Jacob, come here.
If the cops pull you over, we don't know you.
We know nothing about what's going on.
We'll have to say you stole the car.
If it comes down to that, blame it on your dummies.
Yeah, totally.
See this?
Get the fuck back here! Protect Julian's car at all costs.
Protect the train stuff.
Then protect yourselves, once all the other stuff is protected.
Protect from what?
You're going to a remote area.
There might be bears.
Or, could be some weird shit we don't even know about.
Safety's off.
You've got three days.
Just don't forget.
That car is my life, okay? Three days boys.
We can do this.
Hey Phil, are those cheeseburgers done yet?
Randy, my son is missing.
And all you can worry about is drugs and fucking cheeseburgers?
Come on, let's get the rest of these posters out and up.
Geez, Phil, you gotta stop thinking about this.
It's going to drive you crazy.
Let's talk about something else, like the restaurant.
Let's talk about the Dirty Burger.
Jacob's going to be okay.
Let's get these fucking posters out if you're not too fucking high!
Phil, you better relax! shit, who's this guy in the sexy jeans?
Please Randy, this is my son Thomas.
This is your son? Wow.
[laughing] Tommy!
Oh, I'm glad you're here.
Oh, ho, ho, it's good to see you.
Dad, let me go. Hey, hi how's it going Okay, so what's going on with Jacob.
I saw the posters up.
What are the police doing about it.
We have to take this seriously.
I called a cop by the name of Jim Lahey and he hasn't gotten back to me yet.
They haven't called back?
They haven't gotten back to you? The police haven't gotten back.
What's going on here?
I don't know what the fuck is going on.
I don't know son, but god-damn.
My son is missing.
Help me out here? What the fuck?
Calm down! Calm down right now.
I want you to cool off.
Cool off.
Talk to me.
Son, I just thought he could have been into drugs so I didn't push it with the police.
Who, Jacob? You think Jacob is into drugs?
After all you taught us Dad?
Jacob isn't messing around with dope or dope dealers.
I guarantee you Jacob is as high as fuck right now, him and those two mutants and they're fucking up our chance to sell the dope.
Just keep ripping the posters down and shut up please Ricky.
Come on.
Did you guys ever think maybe that Jacob and those two twiggy alien bastards might have got eaten by bears? I mean, this could be Cory and Trevor all over again boys.
Somebody's going to go insane off this, you watch. look at you fucking go.
Him and those two fucking weird looking dicks are probably just partying somewhere.
They stole your car man, they fucked us.
We just have to find out if there's any police reports or missing persons reports. We've got to talk to Lahey.
What are you guys doing? What are you?
Who the fuck are you, and what the fuck do you want?
Nice clothes.
This is my son Thomas Collins, Jacob's brother.
And Timmy or Tommy or whatever the fuck his son's name is shows up here and he looks like he's adopted, he doesn't look anything like him, but he's clearly not. They're both out of their fucking god- damned minds.
You guys know Jacob?
Do you know where he is right now?
It wasn't us.
It wasn't you guys.
Those guys know where Jacob is.
They're lying.
What are you not telling us?
What the fuck do you know about this, you dirty prick.
Hey, hey, hey. fuck off Phil.
Phil Collins is fucking out of his mind these days.
I don't know what's going on with him?
My sons and the Dirty Burger is all I got. fuck them.
What about you four-eyes?
Holy fuck! fucking, did you just call me four-eyes?
You big mustard tiger.
All I did was call him a mustard tiger.
I mean, he had a big tiger and he was all covered in mustard, and I thought it was, you know, a pretty cute little name and all of the sudden he snaps and starts smashing Ricky's car up with a ladder.
Will someone fucking help me here?
You big fucking weird looking walrus fuck.
Put the fucking ladder down.
Calm down! Put the ladder down Phil, that's not fair.
Sorry I didn't tell you this, but Jacob and his buddies went studying somewhere cause you were going on about the god- damned Dirty Burger so much, okay? You were distracting him.
He borrowed my car. He told me not to tell you.
Not tell the old man.
I'm sick of you talking about fucking cheeseburgers, we all are.
Isn't that right there, sweaty bobany.
If you've done something, if you've done something to Jacob, I'll find out and you'll regret the day you ever messed with Philadelphia Collins' sons.
Got me? fuck off!
Yeah, Philadelphia Collins.
He looks like he ate Philadelphia.
Let me deal with this okay.
He's studying. Everything's cool Phil.
We just gotta walk away.
We've got to walk away.
Let's go.
Yeah, walk away.
You're paying for the fucking damage to that car too.
You should pay me for doing a job for you.
Why don't you find Jacob?
Get going, Lord of the onion rings.
Nice socks Randy.
Big fucking surprise you're all hanging out together.
You're all fucked in the head. fucking Jesus, scratches on my fucking car.
We like to remind one and all, five cent wings tonight.
All night tonight, you can't go wrong.
Barb Lahey
Oh, excellent, thank you very much.
Mr. Lahey
Hey B.
Two more.
Barb Lahey
And one more.
Mr. Lahey
Thank you.
That's good.
Get me some water.
Barb Lahey
Oh my god.
Jim, it's Sam! I had no idea he was singing here.
Mr. Lahey
Greasy bastard.
Barb Lahey
Oh my god.
Mr. Lahey
We can go somewhere else if you like.
Barb Lahey
No actually, I like this song.
Oh go, is he coming over? Is he?
Mr. Lahey
Just ignore him, he'll go away Barb.
Slow down a bit honey.
Barb Lahey
Well, that's not fast.

Barb Lahey
Hi Sam.
Mr. Lahey
Just one second.
He looks like one of those guys, serial killer week on the TV.
He looks crazy.
Mr. Lahey
What are you boys doing here?
You know Jacob right?
Mr. Lahey
Has he shown up yet?
We need you to block any missing persons reports.
This is important Jim.
You gotta do this.
Mr. Lahey
Julian, Phil keeps calling me all the time about this.
You're putting me in an awkward position here.
Hey, pay attention, we're serious.
Mr. Lahey
Oh shit.
Oh fuck.
Barb Lahey
Mr. Lahey
Get your hands off her, cave man.
She just needs a little air Jim.
Mr. Lahey
Sam, you stay away from Barb or you'll feel the heat.
Remember heat, quest for fire?
Enough of the caveman comments.
Are you starting shit here? Outside Sam, let's go. fuck! Watch the way you talk to me.
All of you.
Bubbles; Sam, check your beard.
You got a big, big piece of chicken in there.
Mr. Lahey
Thanks Julian.
I owe you one bud.
Block the missing persons reports.
Mr. Lahey
You're almost home Barb.
Barb Lahey
Mr. Lahey
Hey guys, give me a hand here please.
Come on Barb.
Bed time.
Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Yeah Bubbs?
What would happen if Phil Collins reported Jacob missing and said the last time he was seen was in Julian's car?
Mr. Lahey
There's no question Bubbs.
You'd be investigated.
I can't stop that.
I can hold off the missing persons report for another day, day and a half on the outside.
Come on, let's go.
Barb Lahey
Oh Bubbles, I love you.
Oh, I love you too Barb.
Banged your noodle.
Mr. Lahey
Take it easy guys.
Come on Julian, give us a hand.
Jim, Jim, You gotta help us out on this okay?
We can't get the police involved now.
We got too much crazy shit on the go Jim.
Barb Lahey
Oh Julian, such big muscles.
Mr. Lahey
Julian, come here bud.
This is the kind of shit I'm talking about.
You gotta find those guys real fast or I'm going to have to get involved in this officially.
And you're not going to like that, are you Julian?
Let's get out of here.
Mr. Lahey
Thanks for your help, boys.
Those little book nerds.
Man, they ripped us off.
They stole your fucking car Julian.
They probably sold that and spent it on drugs or fucking fried chicken and shit.
We should go looking for them, shouldn't we? Tomorrow?
I mean, they could be lost or there's the distinct possibility that they've been fucked by bears. fucked by bears?
I'm starting to think something went terribly wrong.
That's what I'm saying.
Maybe they got fucked by bears.
No, something worse.
What's worse than getting fucked by bears!?
Meat Shop Guy 1
Is that thing running?
Stop fucking around guys. Stay focused here.
I'm stopping to rock a piss guys.
If you want to film something, film the river.
Are you filming me pissing. fuck off! fuck, put it in Park, put it in Park.
What the fuck is this shit?
You guys are too close.
I'm serious.
Stay the fuck out of our way.
Boys, we gotta hurry up and get there as soon as we can.
Shitty called around and some other guys seen them driving in the woods a few days ago, so they might be okay.
Or they might be fucked, and this is a big fucking waste of time.
Don't be thinking like that, we gotta stay positive man.
Julian, for the record, I do not fucking trust lumberjacks.
Bubbles, it's going to be fine.
Come on, we're wasting time here boys. Let's go. fuck, we got a lot of food boys.
I can't wait to eat.
Put it in here Ricky?
It works like a vaporizer.
We'll get stoned through the vents on the way there.
That's fucked.
Are you sure this is the right road Julian?
It's the only fucking road around.
This is it. That's Great Bear River right there Bubbs.
It's a big sassy river, isn't it?
What's that boys? Look, up on the road.
Wait. Stop the car.
Oh no, those are the good good whole wheat Shreddies I gave them.
Those guys are dumb.
Like, why would they leave their fucking Shreddies right here?
They might be starving out here boys.
They've got lots of licorice.
They'll be fine Bubbles.
Oh, oh my god.
Oh my god.
Jacob and the dumb guys.
Forget about those fucking dicks.
Julian man, look at your car.
What are we going to do? fuck! Alright, we gotta call the cops and tell them what happened, so we're not wrapped up in some kind of a murder case.
We've got no choice.
This is our fault Ricky.
No. No way boys.
I mean, it's a bit of a shame but, they were just too fucking stupid to survive.
Happens all the time in the animal kingdom when you think about it.
Dumb rakins, stupid birds, crazy squirrels, porquipicks that get hit by cars.
Helps over control the population of the things that are fucking stupid.
I mean, those guys basically just cocked themselves over and fucked up. It's not our problem.
Survival of the fitness boys.
Can you see them in there, Ricky?
I don't know.
It's pretty slippery down here boys, be careful.
Julian, there's no bodies.
There's no sign of them.
This is fucking weird man.
Your upholstery is ripped to shit.
There's nothing left in there for upholstery.
Trailer, totally empty.
Maybe they ripped the seats apart for survival reasons.
Yeah, that's a possibility Julian.
You know what else is a possibility?
Grizzly cocksuckers mighta ate them. fucking hillybillies.
Boys, I am fucking scared to death of dirty hillybillies.
Me too Ricky.
Hillybillies and rickshitty bears.
If all the tracks gone, I guarantee you those guys are still out there setting it up.
Stop wasting time man! Come on.
I'm trying my best there Mister fucking drypants.
Come on Bubbs.
My fucking good track pants man.
If those guys are alive, they're buying me some new fucking track pants.
Keep it together boys.
I'm going to record a message for Julian.
If anyone finds this tape, can they please give Julian from the Sunnyvale Trailer Park a message.
Tell him, tell him, tell him we did our best.
And thanks for the dope Ricky. Thanks a lot.
Total respect Julian.
You dry yet Bubbles?
Yeah, I'm totally dry.
Turn the fucking heat down, will you?
Boys, my legs are all jinkitty- janked.
They gotta be out there somewhere.
There's nothing else out here.
So they should be okay.
Julian, no offence, but you don't know what's in these woods.
They could be full of fucking grizzly whores or stupid drunk lumber cocksuckers for all you know.
What to the fuck do them clothes them doing there?
Why the fuck would those guys take their clothes off in the middle of the woods.
Oh, I don't know, but some one or some thing made them take their clothes off.
We made these car seats ponchos to help keep the boys warm.
Yeah, I'm doing okay.
We're down to our last few Shreddies and pieces of licorice.
I'm going to turn it off boys, save the battery.
I mean, who knows boys.
If they're high on Ricky's dope and they're out here gallivanting around in the woods, maybe the cops busted them for being naked.
Bubbs, there's no cops out here.
There's only forest rangers.
Well, the chances of getting run into forest rangers out here is zer-low so they should be fine.
What the fuck is that? Quick boys, we gotta hide.
Get down behind this tree.
Stay down boys.
Forest Ranger 1
Hello? Hello, is there someone out here? Hello?
Forest Ranger 1
Licorice and Shreddies.
Forest Ranger 2
Forest Ranger 1
Yeah, licorice and Shreddies.
There's someone out here. I know it.
Back in the Argo, let's go.
I'm really worried about these guys still Ricky.
I mean, they very well could be dead you know.
What if they're fucking this whole thing up?
They're certainly wasting my time.
It's still warm.
Which means they're close.
See, I told you Jacob wouldn't give up Ricky.
Yeah, but how do we know that's their fire.
Anybody could have had that fire going.
Look at this.
Smells like my dope.
It is my dope, it is them.
Yes! Alright, they're alive. fuck, goofs!
Jacob, where are you buddy?
Ricky, do they answer to fuck goofs?
Oh yeah. fuck goofs.
Listen, listen.
Oh, it's just a peasant cuckooling Bubbles.
We're going to find them boys.
Alright, back in the car, let's go.
Okay. We got all the track from the car.
It took four trips.
The boys have been setting it up and doing a really good job.
Over there, across the river, that's Maine and this side's Canada and the border is right down the middle. USA, Canada.
Mm, thank god for this dope Ricky.
It's the only thing keeping us alive right now. fucking flies.
We started in the rain last night so we need an energy boost.
We're so fucking hungry.
We found some salamanders.
Hopefully they taste not too bad.
Here, give me one.
Are they done? Yeah, it's not, it's not so good.
Do you take lemons and caper Ricky with your smoked salmon.
Bubbles, I don't want any rich peopleman's food.
I want some fucking meat that's cooked.
Smoked salmon is delicious.
Julian, smoked salmon?
Earth to Julian, come in Julian.
Bubbs, would you get back on track?
Have you figured out where we're at yet?
Well, unless I got it all fucked up, I think they're right around here boys.
They have to be.
Or, they could be in fucking Dumbland, where people fucking do dumb stuff and dumb everything up Bubbles.
Wait now.
What's that over there, boys?
Right there on the tree.
It's a note pinned to the tree.
It's a note alright.
We can't call people without wings angels so we call them friends.
You may think I'm crazy but the forest is alive.
Alive I tell you.
Something's been stealing our track.
Something's been fucking with us.
I thought things were okay until last night but there are angry monsters in the woods and in the water and the trees are following me.
What? We may not make it.
Help us please.
Your friend forever, Jacob Collins.
What's he talking about? The trees are following him?
We just finished studying.
It's the only thing keeping us sane right now.
But I just came down to the river to wash up and noticed something odd.
Check this out.
Someone or something threw a bunch of our track, the last of our track, into this giant pile of shit down there in the river.
What the fuck is that? Another one of these ghost trees.
Holy fuck boys, did you see that? I got that one on film.
Alright, we gotta get the track out of that pile down there guys.
Okay, get down there.
Get down there, you're going to get it out.
Go boys, go.
Okay, that's Great Bear River there.
The US is on the other side.
This is the most level place boys.
I mean, the bridge should be built right around this area.
They fucked us.
Big surprise Julian.
No fucking bridge.
Maybe I was wrong.
No actually, there isn't a bridge Ricky.
But you know what there is? There's a fucking tunnel.
Right here.
Oh my god, I can't believe it.
Look at that.
They did it boys.
Did they ever fucking do it! That is fucking perfect.
It's going to work.
Now, can we please fucking eat before I die?
Rick, we're not eating yet,O.K.
We got some work to do.
The boys finished laying the track.
They took a terrible beating from the water monsters last night.
Check that shit out.
We're so hungry now and we're lost too. fucking flies. fuck! Julian, I'm really losing it here man.
Do you got any bug dope? Thanks.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Check it out.
Look at this boys.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
There's the start of the track right there.
That's where we load the dope, go to the US.
Look at this.
It's all cleared out.
Road's right there.
This is pretty good.
This is perfect.
Whippity fuck.
Alright, we don't need those guys anymore.
So can we please, please get something to eat.
Ricky, these guys aren't disposable.
They're our friends man.
Look what they did for us.
We gotta go find them.
What did you just call them?
They're our friends.
Do you feel that way too Bubbs?
What was the question?
Look boys, Cory and Trevor were kind of our friends.
These guys are just jail cover dummies.
You're getting too fucking close to your jail cover.
You're still upset we sent Cory and Trevor to the insane place aren't you?
You Bubbs.
Me either.
Anyway, let's go set up camp before it gets dark.
Cook the shit out of some meat.
Cook bacon.
I mean, they're going to smell bacon cooking if they're starving.
Just tell me we can please fucking go eat.
Alright, let's go eat.
Thinking about getting drunk tonight boys.
Really fucking drunk.
What about you guys?
Yeah, I'll have a couple of drinks Rick.
You Bubbs?
No fucking way, Ricky.
I'm not getting drunk way out here.
Why not?
I'm just not.
For fuck's sakes.
Stupid pants.
Oh fuck! There's fucking milk all over the tenderloins.
It's alright though boys, we got lots of food.
Come here, just pull your pants up.
Give me a hand with these Bubbs.
I've gotta get the fucking barbeque going.
We still got a lot of food.
Shishkabits, pork chops, burgers, hot dogs, what do you guys want to start with?
Got a fucking nice roast in here too.
Bubbs, what's going on here, come on.
I'm trying to. fucking things.
They're never going to be the same.
After that fucking swamp.
Well, you can't just give up on them.
Well, this snap doesn't work here.
It's fucked. You gotta use this one. Look.
I know, but they're your pants.
Let's fucking eat, come on.
Oh my god, I'm stuffed boys.
What's wrong Julian.
Nothing Bubbs.
How were the steaks boys? They we're over cooked were they?
They were perfect Rick.
Ricky, that Caesar salad was miraculous.
Pork chops, unbelievable.
You're fucking burgers were fantastic Bubbles.
I can't believe it.
Everything is gone.
We fucking ate it all.
We ate all the meat Ricky?
Well, there's three hot dogs left.
You may as well get them in ya.
I'm done Rick.
Got room for one dog, come on.
Come on, Julian.
One more,and then we can say we ate all of it. fuck, I love meat.
Julian, we're so hungry we thought about eating our text books, but we can't.
Cause really, we gotta pass our exam.
It's the only thing we're doing right now. Just studying.
Trying to fucking get through this but, I don't know what we're going to do.
[sniffing] What's that smell? What is that?
Do you guys smell that?
Well, I'm shutting it down boys.
I'm going to bed.
What are you talking about? What the fuck's wrong with you?
Rick, don't you have any compassion?
Those guys put their lives on the line setting up that track and if they're still alive, I'm going to find them.
Well, you're not going to find them tonight.
Let's get drunk, do drugs and get her going on the Mitchell.
Bubbs, please talk some sense to him.
I want to get drunk man.
We're fucking camping here, let's party.
Julian, Ricky has a point.
We're not going to find them tonight and you know, to be honest, I'm a little nervous out here in the woods.
Couple of drinks and a little bit of dope might take the edge off, you know.
I'll help you find them in the morning.
We'll find them.
You promise?
Yes, I promise.
Here. Take a little toot off that.
Boys, I gotta rock a piss.
Alright, you rock a piss.
I'm going to rock some Mitchell.
Whooo! fuck, we're getting drunk tonight.
Want some more drugs Bubbs? Want hash or weed buddy.
Little bit of both Ricky. Combo.
Where's it coming from boys?
I think it's this way.
Oh, fuck yeah.
Holy fuck boys!
Boys, I just saw three bears down in the woods.
Three bears Ricky.
You fucking sure?
Three big dirty ass bears right down there.
Boys, the thing about bears is to just make noise and scare them away.
They ran up there Julian.
Up there.
Fire some warning shots or something.
That's not bears.
It's fucking hillybillies. fuck you you greasy hillybillies?
Ricky, is that you?
Oh my fuck!
Oh my god man.
I can't believe you guys are still alive.
How did you? What are you doing here?
Boys, you're alive.
We're here looking for you man.
You came to find us.
I knew you'd come to find us Julian.
I knew you would.
You don't need to hug and kiss boys. It's okay.
What the fuck were you doing shooting at us?
We were starving, we, we thought you were campers.
We didn't know.
We were going to come and try to steal some food.
Ricky, grab them some food.
There's nothing left man.
Maybe a few gummy worms and some pizza crusts on the floor of the car but it's fucking old.
What day is it today boys?
Thursday Jacob, the fifteenth.
Oh fuck.
Our hotel/motel management exam is today.
We missed it.
Dad's going to kill me.
We missed our exam boys.
Get in the car, we're leaving boys.
What the fuck are you talking about?
What about all the drinking and the drugs and the Mitchell?
We got enough time to make it back for their exam.
It's the least we can do for these guys, come on. fuck's sakes.
Fine, get in the car.
You guys in the fucking trunk.
Nice one Jacob, thanks a lot.
Cause of your stupid hotel/motel booking shit!
Phil Collins
I've always wanted to run my own business and now the dream is real.
Me and Randy are having the grand opening of the Dirty Burger today.
Randy's a hustler baby! Whoo.
Look at these dirty things here cooking up nice.
Whoa baby! [laughter]
I'm really happy for Randy with this business venture.
I think him and Phil doing something that they obviously are really passionate about is just fantastic.
Philly! Need some help here bud.
What was that old buddy?
I need you to take over.
I've got to start practicing for the big jump!
Oh, don't worry Randy. You'll make her buddy.
You might want to lighten up on the dope though a bit eh.
Our asses are on the line here.
Well, everybody in the park's talking about Randy and his big plan to jump over the cheeseburger.
You know, I think it's a great idea, although he's probably not going to make it.
Of course he's not. But who cares.
You know, I really believe in Randy.
He's confident, he's smart, he's sexy.
He's kind of sweatier than usual, but that's okay.
He's working so hard to make sure that things work out with this stunt for me, for Trin and for whoever this guy is going to be, you know.
Dirty balls!
Oh my god, hon, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine. Yup.
Ah! Ah, rooster nuts.
My back! I just gotta hit the ramp a bit quicker Luce.
Well, you know what they say.
Practice makes perfect right? Here, let me.
I'll help you with this.
Yeah right. Thanks.
Ah! Frozen mixed vegetable cocks!
Poor Jacob got dysentery from eating salamanders in the woods.
He's dehydrated and pretty sick.
Ricky and Julian almost killed him.
I've been taking care of him for a few days.
Hey Sarah. How is he?
He's good. He's still sleeping.
Tom Collins
Hey Jacob. Jacob.
Wake up little buddy.
We gotta get some food into you.
It's time to kiss the burgers.
Sarah? Sarah, is that okay?
Yeah, just one small bite.
Right here Jacob, come on. Sit up. That's it.
How are they? They're too spicy. They're too damned spicy.
Dad, they're amazing! They're amazing!
I put in too much spice.
How is it son?
Better than the restaurant.
Come on son, let's hear a baaaaam!
Not doing it Dad.
Ah. I got my boys, I got my burgers.
That's all I got. I need to hear a baaaaam!
Just do it, Thomas.
Like you mean it. Please.
Dad, you know I don't like saying bam, you guys always.
It's not my style.
It doesn't matter. It's for Jacob.
It bothers me.
Just do it!
Dad, you are fucked!
How are you doing, sweetie?
Good? Are you going to be okay by yourself if I go out with your Dad and your brother for a bit?
Yeah, yeah, fine. Has Julian been asking about me?
Do you want to take that?
Jacob. This Julian stuff.
It's weird. It has to stop okay.
It's fucked up. It's fucked up.
Lay off the Julian stuff.
Barb Lahey
[reading] Barb, my burning desire for your love can't not be extinguished like fire.
Meet me at the White Rose Inn on the Lake for all to get revealed. Your secret admirer.
Mr. Lahey
You looking at Julian's bum, Barb?
Don't be foolish, Jim.
Lighten up, eh.
Hey Shitty.
Shitty Bill
Hi there.
What do you think Julian?
Bubbles, we can't use this piece of shit.
We'll get pulled over man.
Boys, check it out.
What the fuck!
Hey guys.
How you feeling buddy?
Good. I was wondering if I could work for you guys again.
Are you sure you got your strength back?
I'm still feeling pretty weak, but I could mix drinks for you or get stuff.
Alright, well you can start working again, but just small stuff for now.
I don't want to see you getting fucked over like you did in the woods, alright.
Oh man, that sounds like Thomas.
What are you doing out of bed?
I just came to see my friends. Is that okay?
Oh, nice job there, son of the mustard tiger.
My Dad is not a mustard tiger.
Oh, okay.
Why are you still dressed up like Julian with the goatie and the black T-shirt? It's embarrassing.
What's wrong with trying to dress like Julian, huh?
You with your big muscular car and you don't have any muscles.
Sixteen years of positive thinking and education have manifested themselves in a mint condition 1967 RS Camaro.
Come on Jacob, let's get out of here right now.
We're going right now. [glass breaking]
It's okay. It's okay.
Why are you embarrassing me in front of my friends.
Jacob, go spend the day with your Dad, okay?
Are you sure Julian?
Yeah, go for it.
Tell your god-damned walrus daddy and Randy good luck with their stupid jump the cheeseburger horseshit.
It's fucking dumb!
That guy is intense!
Mr. Lahey
Well, if you hadn't driven him away by busting his cock over every little thing, Randy would still be very much part of our lives Barb.
Busting his, oh my god.
Jim, you are still in love with him, aren't you?
That's why you're going to this stupid burger jump with the greasy Phil Collins, isn't it?
Mr. Lahey
Like I already told you, I'm only doing crowd control Barb.
Just doing my job. Don't be ridiculous.
Oh ridiculous.
You haven't got time to take me line dancing but you've got loads of time to go and watch Randy on some bike, stoned, jump over some inflatable cheeseburger to promote his new restaurant.
Mr. Lahey
I'm not just doing it for Randy, Barb.
No, well why are you wearing cologne then?
Mr. Lahey
Why are you wearing cowboy boots from some unknown admirer?
Oh, oh, so now you're busting my dink for having a secret admirer?
Now what am I supposed to do about that Jim, huh? What?
Mr. Lahey
Look Barb, all I'm saying here is that if anybody should be mad, it's me.
Barb Lahey
Oh well, at least somebody is paying attention to me for a change.
Mr. Lahey
Oh, that's all that matters, isn't it?
The princess has to be paid attention to.
Look at me, I'm Miss Spoiled Rich Girl whose family owns the trailer park.
And I go to university.
Oh, very good impression Jim.
But you know what?
You neglected to add one or two points like [speaking through megaphone] I am in a relationship with a man who is in love with another man who eats fifteen cheeseburgers a day and rides around the park, high on marijuana cigarettes.
Mr. Lahey
Barb, maybe you should lay off the alcohol just for a couple?
Oh, do you think? Do you think Jim?
Because you know what, I'm going to be totally honest with you and it's, you know, it's a bit ironic actually but, since you stopped drinking, you are not half as much fun.
Mr. Lahey
Barb, I'm doing my best here.
Jim, I wish you'd start drinking again!
Oh Randy, are you okay?
Oh, sweet and sour chicken balls.
I think I sprained it Luce.
Is it bad?
Yeah, it hurts.
Oh, coat of arse cocks.
Okay, you know what, we're going to go back to my place, put some ice on this. You are going to be fine.
This is not a problem. Couple of hours max.
Alfred Hitchcock!
Randy, enough with the cocks.
Alright, let's just go.
You know, you'll just walk it off.
Randy, everyone's, you know, depending on you.
I don't know if I can do this.
Horseshit. Oh course you're going to do it.
Why can't your Dad do it?
Randy, think about it.
He's not an athlete like you are.
He can't jump over cheeseburgers on a bike.
He'll be making the burgers.
Come on, Randy. It has to be you.
Thomas is absolutely right.
You can do it man.
The Randy Man can!
Guys, guess what these are?
Milk cartons.
Box cars for dope probably.
You got her man!
Things are looking good boys.
Yeah, I'll say things are looking good.
Can I, can I have a little word with you Julian please?
They fit perfectly.
So, thank you very very very much.
Thank you?
Oh come on, Julian.
I think that we can put an end to this little charade.
What the fuck are they talking about?
Greasy stuff I'd say.
I think they might be banging. Look at them.
How much have you had to drink today?
Enough to know that I am finished with Jim and I can finally go with you to the White Rose Inn on the Lake, sexy.
What are you talking about?
Oh Julian, come on. I know.
I know, that you are my secret admirer.
Well that's quite a step up in the world from banging Randy and Lahey to banging Julian, isn't it?
That's a weird thought Ricky.
There must be some kind of misunderstanding Barb.
I have no idea what you are talking about.
Well, right. Well.
[laughter] Thank goodness for that.
That would have been weird.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm flattered and everything okay.
But love is going to come when you least expect it.
Don't worry, it's going to happen.
Surprise Phil. Found you.
I'm here for my seventy-five dollars. Rent's due.
Sam what are you doing here today, man? I told you tomorrow.
I'm opening up here today, I can make seventy-five bucks easy.
No Phil. Today.
This is my opening day. Don't fuck it up.
I don't give a shit. Seventy- five dollars.
It's only seventy-five bucks Sam.
Seventy-five dollars, seventy- five cents, I don't give a fuck.
It's mine, I want it, I want it now. Or Plan B for you big guy.
Yeah well the whole Plan B means you brushing your cave teeth with a log.
Cave teeth? Cave teeth!
It's fucking on, Phil. It's fucking on.
Why do you gotta make this get fucking ugly Phil?
Just give me my seventy-five dollars.
Shouldn't you be at a water buffalo lodge meeting or something?
Did you not hear me, pseu- pseudio?
Now get behind the fucking wheel.
The cave man's in charge. We're going to an instant teller.
Ricky, are you alright?
A fucking lot better than the person who shot me is going to be when I fucking find them!
Who the fuck shot me? fuck! Tell him, tell him, fuck, I don't know.
Tell him to go fuck himself.
Rick, go, go fuck yourself buddy.
Did you fucking shoot me Phil? Huh?
Drive us the fuck out of here!
Please Sam, I need this RV.
It's the only thing I got man.
I'll pay you back tomorrow, I promise. fuck your stupid Dirty Burgers.
Nice fuck up Phil.
Shut up Flintstone.
I'm under a lot of pressure here. fuck off.
Mr. Lahey
Everybody get back.
Phil, you in there? What's going on bud?
It's Sam. He's holding me hostage.
I need your help Jimmy boy.
Shut the fuck up!
Mr. Lahey
Yeah, shut up Phil. Sam, Jim Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Officer Jim Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Listen, I want you to talk to me.
What's going on bud? What do you want this time?
I just want you all to fuck off!
Mr. Lahey
Sam, it's gone a bit far for that.
We're going to have to take this downtown.
Look, I'm putting my gun away bud.
Put down your weapon.
Put your hands up and come on out.
I'll count to ten.
Ricky, are you alright?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Back off Lucy. fuck off Randy.
Julian, don't wipe Randy's old dirty sweat on me. fuck downtown.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Drive, easy lover, drive!
Oh my god!
Mr. Lahey
You're making a big mistake, Sam.
He better not fucking hit our trailer.
Man's voice
Stop Phil!
That's what happens when you kidnap a dinosaur you fucking cave dwelling prick.
Will you get out of the way with the stupid Dirty Burger?
Let me out of the park!
Move it Phil.
Mr. Lahey
Stand back everyone.
They're coming out.
Sam, what are you doing, running around the park, waving a gun again?
Nobody fucking move! I'm searching for lost love Barb.
How do you like the boots? Yes.
This isn't how I wanted to tell you Barb, but I'm your secret admirer.
I love you baby.
So all the gifts were from you?
Every one.
Mr. Lahey
Let Phil Collins go, Sam.
Not til I get my money.
Mr. Lahey
Right now.
Seventy-five dollars.
Seventy-five dollars? Here's one hundred.
Does that settle it? Does that settle it?
What's wrong with you?
None of you fucking guys know who I'm in for.
None of you, none of you.
Mr. Lahey
Sam, it's time to take a little trip downtown.
No, Jim, Jim, Jim.
Let, let, let him say what's on his mind. fucking caves and rocks.
Cars with no floors, swinging from fucking vines.
You shot me, you prick
Barb. Barb.
I've banged, made love to a lot of women in my life.
And a couple of dudes too, but that's not important.
What's important is, I can't not live with no woman but you.
I love you baby.
Just you.
Sam, I, I might be drunk but that is the sweetest thing anybody's ever said to me.
Come away with this old cave man Barb.
To the White Rose Inn.
They got a great muffin there baby.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I, I will.
So Jim, are you going to try and stop me.
You deserve better, Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Well, if that's what you want Barb.
Thanks Jim. Let's go.
Will somebody please try to explain what the fuck just happened here?
Cave man always gets the girl Ricky.
Boys, I can't go through with this opening.
The Dirty Burger almost killed me, boys. fuck it! To hell with it.
Come on Dad. Give me a bam! Come on Dad.
No, not now son. Not now.
Jacob and Tom
Boys, I can't give you a bam, but I can give you a green eggs and hammmmmmm!
We can do this! [laughter]
Thanks girls. That's great.
Just line em up here. Lots for the customers.
How are you doing, Mr. Lahey?
Mr. Lahey
Randy, I'm begging you.
Please don't do this. I can't take it.
I'm this close to going back to drinking bud.
It wouldn't be my fault Mr. Lahey.
Listen, you got any dope on ya?
Mr. Lahey
No I don't Randy.
Are you sure you can do this without killing yourself?
Thanks for the vote of confidence Mr. Lahey.
Hey Rand, come over and get your gear on buddy.
Are you going to do this thing or what Randy?
Geez guys, my ankle's a little sore.
I don't know if I can do this.
Randy, make this jump, you'll be a living legend.
No telling how far the Dirty Burger'll go, huh?
I don't know if I can do it guys. I really don't know.
Man, it'll look great.
Don't you worry about it. Let's get this gear on.
[through megaphone] Ladies and Gentlemen.
The moment you've all been waiting for.
Randy will jump the cheeseburger.
You look fucking stupid with all that padding and shit on Randy, you dummy.
Come on Randy! What's that?!
Oh, nice jump Randy.
I can't do this guys. I can't do it unless I'm stoned.
Come on man, it's the Dirty Burger.
You've got to. There's no choice in the matter.
I've gotta be high. I'm not doing it.
Randy Jesus! You've got to fucking do it man.
Dad, take it easy!
Frig off.
Dad! Dad, you're losing it.
That whole family is so fucked!
Dad, please take it easy!
You're taking this Dirty Burger thing way too seriously Phil.
If I had some dope, I'd do this.
Well go see your precious Julian and get him some dope.
Dad, he can't be on drugs when he does the jump.
He's got to be. We have no choice.
Drugs are wrong.
Any other time but we gotta do it up.
Just fucking do it!
Let me see if I can hook us up Thomas.
What the fuck do you want toughie?
I'm not here to fight, okay?
Randy will not make that jump unless he's high on marijuana.
High on marijuana. Big fucking surprise!
Well, you're not getting it from me cause this is my personal stock.
From the captain's cupboard, alright.
It's my best stuff and I'm not giving it to Randy.
Come on, it's an emergency guys.
We just need a bud. Please Julian.
Ricky, just give him a hit off this thing so we can get this jump underway please!
Randy, are you going to do this or are you too fucking scared?
Ricky, I just need to get high. fuck you're sweating.
No shit.
Yeah man, that's why I'm here.
Be careful with that. It's my personal stuff.
It's kick ass. You only need a little tiny bit.
Thanks a lot Ricky.
This is awesome. You saved the day.
Alright, that's good.
That's all you need man. I'm serious.
Get the fuck out there and don't let us down.
We're all high as fuck. Good luck.
Thanks Rick.
Alright, he's going to do it.
Look at him. He looks like a hairy robot.
He's pretty fucking high.
Oh my god, he's down.
Somebody call an ambulance.
Mr. Lahey
Randy, are you okay?
This is drugs. See what drugs did. fuck, don't fucking shove me.
Can't you see I've been shot here you fucking walrus.
We did it Phil.
We sure did Randy. We sure did.
Hang in there Randy.
Take it easy honey. Get well, soon.
Poor Randy.
How long have you guys been in here?
Can you get the fuck out of my shed, please?
I got a letter from Ray.
[reading] Dear Bubbles.
Hope you are well.
I'm really sorry I fucked everything up.
I'm doing okay.
This US jail is really luxury.
Good food, nice cell, lots of liquor and the guards are stupider as fuck.
Don't mean to scare you buddy, but this is on the cover of the Bangor Daily News.
Oh my fuck!
[reading] Janitor witness in Swayzie Express robbery.
Janitor saw "greasy looking" Canadians in parking lot on drugs.
Swayzie offers $50,000 reward for return of prize model train.
Ah! Sugarcocks!
Hey Randy.
How's the cooking going?
It's going okay. It's hard to flip with this hand.
Friggin cast.
Yeah, but they're so cute.
Yeah, they are eh?
I'm going to add them to the menu, I'm going to call them Baby Dirty Burgers.
Cute. Hey listen, Randy. I've got something [loud bird cry]
Did you hear that?
Did I hear what?
The chickadees, Luce.
It sounds like they're saying cheeeeeseburger.
Okay, that's cool.
Listen babe, I want to talk to you about something.
Here, I got this for you.
Thanks Luce.
Anyway, you know. Things with you and Phil Collins are going so awesome and the whole Dirty Burger thing and we are having a baby soon right. So I was thinking that [bird cry]
There it goes again.
You know what, fuck it.
Forget it. This is a really bad idea.
What Lucy? Lucy?
This doesn't matter.
Lucy, I'm sorry.
Randy, will you marry me?
I mean, I know that seems kind of sudden and everything but we're having a baby together and I love you Randy.
I don't care about your gut, I don't care about all the cheeseburgers, I don't care about all the dope. I love all of you.
[recorded message] Mr. Lahey, it's Randy.
Guess who asked me to marry her?
Lucy. I said yes Mr. Lahey.
Pants are really tight Lucy.
Okay, well you know what?
Let me just, let's just try this on.
Put your up. There you go.
Um, they might be a little tight, but maybe we can get some Lycra, I don't know. We'll see.
It's nice fabric.
It is really nice fabric but you know, I don't even know if they're going to take it out, you know, it's just.
Hey Bubbles.
Hey Bubbles.
J Roc
What's cracking Bubbles?
Nothing Lucy I think.
Could you set me up with some new clothes.
Something really different?
Sure. Sure, um.
J Roc
Bubbles, you aight?
You seem baked or some shit, dawg.
No, I'm not baked.
It's alright man, we're all stoned.
Look, I'm not stoned.
I just need a whole new get up. Something different.
Yeah, okay. Okay, you know what.
No idea, you're up for anything?
Just, where people will go, who's that guy?
Never saw him before.
J Roc
Bubbles, I got it B. You should roll in a suit.
You know what I'm saying. Could be tight.
That's me and T roll now, you know how I mean.
Even un-skinny bop's rocking a gudexo.
Luce set this ma-fucker up with a suit.
Solid tight. Randy what's that?
Um, we don't have any suits right now Bubbles, but you know what we do have?
We've got a bunch of new shirts. What about this?
I'm going to be honest.
It is taking me a long fucking time to accept that Randy is going to be the father of mine and Lucy's baby.
But it's one of those things you can't change so I guess I gotta accept it.
Be happy for Lucy. I mean, I am happy for Lucy.
Right now, I just gotta concentrate on my fucking job and finally sell this fucking dope.
I gotta make sure nothing get's fucked up because this is the chance of a lifetime.
So please for once, I can't let this get fucked up.
Nice, you got all the wheels on.
Alright, pay attention. These go on here like this, okay.
So that's just fucking dumb. I mean, you gotta cut this off, jam it in, tape it shut and then tape these to the box cars.
And don't use too much tape. It's my good fucking tape okay?
That is nice tape.
Here you go buddy.
Oh, thanks man.
Jam those things full Jacob. We don't have many.
What the fuck?!
It's Bubbles.
What the fuck's going on with his head?
I don't know. Wait here man.
[whispering] Boys, it's me.
We know man. Bubbs, what's going on?
From now on, my name is Scorpion.
Can we go talk in private somewhere?
Let's go.
You okay?
I don't know.
Holy fuck. That is definitely you.
I know Ricky, but I mean, I'm looking pretty different now, aren't I?
That wig's freaking me out.
Don't you think you're overreacting a little bit.
Don't worry about this train shit.
Patrick Swayzie is not after you man.
We're in Canada. We're safe.
And if anything does go down, just blame it on Jacob and the alien Trevors.
So, disguise's working, sit down and relax.
I'm relaxed boys. No problem.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Well Bubbs, you can talk to us if there's something wrong, you know.
There's nothing wrong Julian.
Right on. That must be Sebastian.
Hello? Hey, Sebastian, what's up man?
Right on, just, just one second.
Bubbs, where you going?
I've got to split.
We've got a conference call.
I know. That's what I'm saying.
Well get back here.
Sorry about that man. Just a sec.
Gotta switch to the speakerphone.
Okay, can you hear me? It's Julian.
Sebastian Bach
[on speakerphone] What the fuck's going on?
You got Ricky and Bubbles here too. How's it going?
I'm getting nervous about this bullshit man.
There's a fucking forest fire spreading just south of the train track.
I'm thinking about shutting this down.
Oh excellent news Julian. A forest fire!
Okay, that's not going to be a problem okay.
We're professionals. We're leaving with the dope today.
Everything's all set up. I'll give you a call as soon as we're on the road, alright. fuck! I've gotta go. My wife's coming.
Later boys.
See ya man. fuck, we got a lot of work to do Rick.
Bubbles, where you going now?
I gotta go Ricky.
I just need to have a drink, be by myself, and think about things.
Maybe down at the swamp or something.
I just need a little break from all the crazy stuff that's all.
I mean, this train thing can be very dangerous.
A lot of things can go wrong.
Could get burned up in a forest fire.
An operation this size, you don't know who's after you.
Could be the FBI, ATF, fucking Patrick Swayzie.
Who knows.
Lahey's off the fucking rails so.
You know, I just need a little break, that's all.
What do you want, Mr. Lahey?
Mr. Lahey
What are you doing?
Mr. Lahey
I just gotta talk to you for a second Randy.
No. Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Randy, come with me.
Randy, listen buddy.
Listen Randy, this is very important bud.
You gotta come. I got a lot to talk to you about.
My arm, Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Sorry about your arm Randy.
Come on. Come on buddy. It's a red letter day.
Mr. Lahey, what the hell are you doing?
Mr. Lahey
Listen, it's just a matter of time before this all goes to shit Randy man.
I think it might just be better to end her, bud.
You can't end it Mr. Lahey. Who'd look after the park.
Look, let's just get out of the car Mr. Lahey.
Have a couple drinks, talk about this.
Worst mistake I ever made was getting together with Lucy.
Mr. Lahey
I'll drink to that bud.
Mr. Lahey, the car!
Mr. Lahey
Ah shit! fucked her, bud.
Let's go down and see what liquor we can salvage.
Wanna get drunk tonight Rand?
Yeah Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Where do we go from here, Banny- Ran?
You're engaged.
It's pretty frigging complicated.
Mr. Lahey
We can work through this Rand.
Mr. Lahey
Through just about anything bud.
Just think of the history we have together.
Don't marry her, Rand.
I said yes. I mean, what am I going to do?
Mr. Lahey
I don't know Randy. But I know I can't handle this.
Go and talk to her.
What am I going to say, Mr. Lahey?
Mr. Lahey
I don't know Randy. Use your imagination.
Then you come back and we'll have a little barbeque and we'll have some liquor and mustard and we have a lot of good times Randy, what'dya say?
Hey Randy.
Hey Lucy. Look, we really gotta figure out this engagement stuff.
Have you been drinking?
No, couple drinks.
He's wasted out of his mind.
No he's not.
Did you get drunk with him?
No, couple of drinks.
Randy, stay the fuck away from Jim Lahey.
Okay, you and he are done and I don't want anyone, especially him, fucking this shit up.
I love you Rand. See you later.
Where you going, Luce?
Oh, J Roc is picking me up.
He and T are taking me to work at the airport.
Hey, I think I just saw him sneaking behind the trailer.
What the fuck is he doing? fuck knows man. I told ya.
He's fucking losing it. Bubbles! Come here.
What's up buddy?
What are you doing?
What's up buddy?
Bubbs, slow down. What are you doing man?
I'm just out for a walk boys.
I saw that shit in the paper. It's no big deal man.
You couldn't even tell it was you.
Listen, we'll return the Swayzie Express as soon as we're finished using it, okay?
Yeah, that's fine Julian.
Why don't you guys get the dope loaded up.
I'm just kinda getting myself together here.
You okay man?
He's fucked.
Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Hi Randy. How'd it go with Lucy?
Mr. Lahey, I still have strong feelings for you Mr. Lahey.
I don't know why. But I do.
Look, I tried to break up with Lucy, she wouldn't let me.
I'm scared of her Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Randy, we're going to have to do something about Lucy.
What Mr. Lahey?
Mr. Lahey
I don't know Randy.
Maybe these things have a way of working themselves out.
I'm going to let the liquor do the thinking.
Have a drink.
Mr. Lahey
All units, all units. Hold your positions.
Suspects are in possession of stolen luggage and are loading as we speak.
As soon as they're complete, we'll move in and take them over.
Have your pepper spray ready.
Watch your backgrounds. Let's move.
Okay man, you got me.
J Roc
Hey, you know what I'm saying.
Get your hands off me.
You can't just grab me.
J Roc
Hey, we don't even know them crazy bitches dawg.
They just jumped in the car down at Burger King, dawg. fuck you. Lahey, how dare you?
Try to get Randy killed, drunk and then try to get us arrested.
You're not ruining my fucking wedding day.
No fucking way.
Mr. Lahey
Jesus, Lucy.
Lucy, don't make me use this pepper spray on you.
You cannot fucking spray me because I'm pregnant. So fuck you!
J Roc
In hindsight, it's kind of suspicious that they had all that luggage, you know what I'm saying, but we didn't think to ask them.
You try to help some ma-fuckers out. Look what happened.
Get your hands off me.
Mr. Lahey
Lucy, you're under arrest. fucking dick!
J Roc
We surrendering in peace dawg.
And I would like to file charges too against them two ladies, you know what I'm saying. For car jumping inery.
Mr. Lahey
Oh shit.
I got here as fast as I could Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Randy, good to see you.
Is Lucy going to be okay?
Mr. Lahey
Yeah, she'll be fine.
Sort of big shit storm take down by the cops Rand.
I tried to stop it but, maybe this is fate telling you what to do.
You want to go visit Lucy in jail or maybe you want to come with me to the liquor store?
I want to go with you to the liquor store.
Mr. Lahey
Good decision.
Holy frig Mr. Lahey.
That looks just like Bubbles.
Mr. Lahey
That is Bubbles.
He's wanted in the United States for stealing a model train from Bangor, Maine.
Fifty thousand dollar reward.
That's a lot of money, Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Fifty thousand dollars Rand.
Maybe our luck's changing?
I sense a shit derailment coming. shit derailment.
That's a good one, Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Hey Bubbles.
What the fuck happened to you? You fall down?
No. Yes. I was being chased by dogs.
Ricky, I need some space here.
Anyway Bubbles, look. We could really use you on this one man.
We could really fucking use your help.
This is almost over. We can't finish this without you.
You're the engineer Bubbs. You.
Without an engineer, we can't do this. Come on.
Who's the engineer buddy?
I'm the engineer Julian.
So what do you say?
Yeah, let's do it.
You know, we gotta race that forest fire though and let's get rid of this thing. It's making me a bit crazy or something.
Let's do it.
Alright, we gotta load up the dope tonight.
We gotta get the fuck out of the park.
Alright, no problem.
What the fuck? Who the fuck put locks [sound of gun cocking]
Mr. Lahey
Hands up gentlemen. Don't move.
Lahey, what the fuck are you doing?
Oh my god, you're drinking again, are ya?
Mr. Lahey
Maybe I am Rick. Maybe I'm not. Who knows.
Who's your little shit friend in the fucking wig?
Nice disguise Bubbs.
You might be able to fool the FBI, but you can't fool the FB- Me.
[using high pitched voice] Huh, I'm not Bubbles.
I just moved here from the desert. My name's The Scorpion.
I need some, hold on, Jesus Murphy.
Jim, what's going on here? What about our peace treaty?
Mr. Lahey
Liquor's more powerful than a peace treaty Julian.
You know that. You know that Julian.
So we can't have our dope back cause you're drinking again?
Mr. Lahey
Oh Rickles.
This isn't about the dope. This is about the Swayzie Express.
How the fuck did he find out about that?
Mr. Lahey
Listen, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't
What the fuck are you trying to say?
I can't understand you.
Concentrate Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
I don't care why you stole it Ricky.
I don't want to hear about it.
I just want the train. With the fifty thousand dollar reward money, me and Bo-Bandy are flying off the Mexico.
Yeah, we're going to
Mr. Lahey
Flying off to fuck-Off-Ico. What about Lucy Randy?
You didn't hear? She's in jail Ricky.
She is in what?!
Mr. Lahey
That's right, Rick. You're little Lucy-Goosey's in jail.
Guess what boys. This trailer is now mine.
I don't get that train by ten o'clock liquor store opening tomorrow morning and I'm going to burn this fucking shit box to the ground and I'm going to call the FBI on your little buddy Bubbles.
And I'm still going to collect the fifty thousand dollars reward money.
So, either way you look at it gentlemen, I win!
The liquor's going to let you down Jim.
Mr. Lahey
The liquor's going to let me down Julian?
Haven't you got learned any lessons about you drinking and dealing with us.
It's going to come down to one big god-damned fucking horror show Lahey.
And it is on now.
His little glasses.
My friend Conky, he was a little ventriloquist puppet I had when I was a little guy. My grandfather left it to me apparently.
He was a vaudeville ventriloquist and you know, the other kids would start teasing me and calling me names and what not, I would have Conky to defend me.
He'd jump right in and tell the other kids to fuck off and, you know, piss off, things like that.
It was great for me, cause then it wasn't me doing it, it was Conky.
I didn't have to deal with it.
You just remember, I call the shots here Bubbles.
You got it?
Yes Conky.
But maybe last time I had him, he got a little carried away.
You know, he was really giving it to Ricky and Julian and eventually Julian had enough and he pulled out his gun and he blew Conky's head off. fucking Dirty Dancing!
Yeah, that was the end of him.
And then he went back in the swamp and he's been there ever since.
Until now.
Okay, Randy's passed out hard boys.
Wait now.
Alright, he's down. He's out boys.
I knew they'd fuck up.
Alright, let's move. Be quiet.
Get down, dickweed.
Get the fuck out of the way.
Rick, Rick, Rick.
Put the stick in and twist it.
Use the propeller technique.
Got him.
We fucking got you now, don't we Lahey and Randy.
You fucking tunas.
Bubbles; Torque the fucker.
Mr. Lahey
You idiots are messing with an officer of the law.
More like an officer of the drunk.
Mr. Lahey fuck off, Ricky.
Looks good on you, fuckers.
Guess you should have been sleeping in shifts, eh Jim.
There's something you forgot about.
The liquor works for both sides buddy.
Mr. Lahey
You might be sexy Julian, but you can't teach me anything about liquor.
Cheers Jimmy.
Mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey
Hey, Julian.
Ricky, bring her in.
Park her right here.
Julian, I think I'm going to go maybe grab the Swayzie Express.
Alright man.
Hey Jacob. Good job, man.
Oh thanks Julian.
As soon as I get back, I'm going to throw a huge barbeque party.
Make sure you invite your boys, okay?
Julian, me and the boys have been talking and this whole thing's been really cool you know, we had your back in the woods, setting up the track and stuff and
So what are you trying to say?
Me and the boys want to come with you guys.
You know, we want to be there to finish this thing.
Jacob, to be honest with ya, I felt pretty bad seeing you walking around with that I.V. okay so no, it's not going to happen.
It's way too dangerous man.
You know what Julian, you're getting too attached.
I know what it's fucking like when guys start fucking dressing like you and hanging out and think you're cool.
Believe me, I know exactly what it is like.
But those guys out there are idiots.
They're fucking jail cover and that's it.
Rick, they're good kids alright.
They're students.
Julian, don't get soft on me here.
We're almost near the end.
Those guys are fucking jail cover, that's it.
You want to go to jail here? Cause you better make a fucking decision.
You gonna take that tape or not.
Cause I'm not going to jail.
Those three idiots out there are.
Alright you alien skinny giraffe chickens.
I got some good news.
You three fucking dummies are coming with us.
Get in there, pack these box cars full of weed just like this okay?
Jacob, you're in control Don't let them fuck up.
Okay boys, this is it. Let's fucking move it.
Boys, I got the Swayzie Express.
Good, load it into the car.
We gotta hook up with Sebastian in six hours.
Mr. Lahey
The whole world's searching for that train, you idiots.
You won't even make it to shitville.
You're going down Ricky.
Knock knock.
Who's there?
Mr. Lahey
I'll tell you who's fucking there.
A drunk washed up police officer who arrested Lucy.
Put pepper all over her when she's pregnant, which is fucked.
And now he's got nothing better to do than to scam reward money from some stupid Dirty Dancing fucking train.
All to win the love of a half naked Chia Pet gut who likes to steal other people's girlfriends and knock them up, isn't that right, Randy?
You're both dumb as fuck.
You're drunk again Jim, big time.
And you both fucking lose and it feels great.
Doesn't feel that bad Ricky.
Mr. Lahey
Want some more. Want some more Randy.
Mr. Lahey
Knock knock Randy.
Who's there Randy? Who's fucking there? Water?
I can keep going all day there here guys.
Actually we can't cause I gotta go make a fucking drug deal and become rich.
Mr. Lahey
Who's there bouncing the ball?
Phil Collins
It's me.
Philadelphia Collins.
Mr. Lahey
Phil, get the fuck over here.
Phil Collins
Jimmy, have you seen my boy? He's missing again.
Mr. Lahey
Yeah, he left with Julian, Bubbles, and Ricky.
Phil Collins
Oh, sweet Jesus.
The drug dealers got him again.
The god-damned drug dealers.
Jimmy, go find my boy.
Bring him back.
My boys are all I got.
Mr. Lahey
Don't worry Phil.
Jacob's as important to me as he is to you.
Come on Randy man.
We got stops to make and then we're going to hit the road.
Mr. Lahey
Suspect's are driving a 1975 Chrysler New Yorker, faded black and green.
Front passenger door missing.
Shouldn't be difficult to spot.
This is an A.P.B. All Points Bulletin for all units.
Please locate vehicle and await further instructions. Over.
Toke Jacob.
Thanks buddy.
Ricky, boys.
Jacob, put the fucking joint out.
Empty the drinks into the carpet.
Oh fuck.
Mr. Lahey
Excuse me.
Police Radio
Three double niner, come in, over.
Mr. Lahey
This is three double niner.
Come in, come in.
Police Radio
Suspect's spotted heading north on highway 102.
Awaiting further instruction. Over.
Mr. Lahey
Three double niner, we're on our way.
Keep them in sight. Over and out.
Police Radio
Copy that.
We're just on our way to a wedding.
I'm Cory, we've got Trevor right here.
Police Officer
Yeah Cory, who, which one of you is Jacob Collins?
You? Alright, step out of the vehicle.
Let's go now. fuck Jacob.
Police Officer
Alright, come around here.
Keep your hands up.
Didn't we used to play hockey together?
Police Officer
Yeah, didn't we used to play shut the fuck up, hands in the air.
Keep them up there.
Give me that.
[whispering] It's just pop.
Police Officer
Yeah right. Let's go.
Look, he's not with us.
If he had drugs or alcohol on him. Don't even know him.
Police Officer
Boys, what in the fuck is going on?
Just stay calm.
It's probably just Phil Collins looking for Jacob.
Police Officer
Jim, are you sure you don't want me to take in the rest of these guys?
It's towing an illegal trailer, the vehicle has no license plate.
Most of these guys have alcohol and I can smell marijuana.
Permission to search. Over.
Mr. Lahey
Just Jacob Collins. Let the vehicle proceed.
Do not tip them off. I repeat, do not tip them off.
This is a top secret, undercover operation. Over and out.
Julian, that is clearly an alcoholic beverage.
Put it down.
Bubbles, I said, I'm cool.
Put it down please.
Julian, I'm freaking out.
I'm freaking out.
He's pulling away.
What's going on boys? I'm scared.
I'm scared Julian.
Thanks officer.
Didn't know who he was.
What the fuck is going on with Jacob. fucking walrus fuckhead Phil Collins.
[in Conky's voice] Hello Richard.
What the fuck, Julian! Is that who I think it is?
What do we do here?
I don't know.
Yes Julian.
Are you okay?
I'm perfectly fine, Julian.
[laughing] I'm very excited about getting this train fired up boys.
We are very excited.
Give me a hand Julian.
Alright you dummies, it's time for lunch.
Bubbles, are you okay?
You and uh, Conky? Can I get you something?
Chips and bar? Pop?
Conky's being awfully quiet Bubbs.
Conky, excuse me for one second.
Julian, he's still pretty upset about what happened.
He doesn't have much to say, but I think he learned his lesson.
He's not going to taunt anybody.
There he is.
I'm meeting him right now.
You're totally right.
I love you. Come on.
Okay, okay, I love you babe. Thanks.
Alright bye. Geez.
Guys, guys, guys, guys, guys.
I got a little bad news.
I wasn't able to come up with all the cash quite in time.
No, no, no, no.
My wife found out and fucking freaked.
I got in some much fucking shit.
Man, I've been selling drugs since grade seven.
At this point in our lives, wives don't cancel my fucking drug deals, alright.
No, no, no, no, no.
I figured out a way around it.
Relax, think about it man.
I got about two hundred and fifty grand US in smokes that I got from another deal.
Straight trade.
Smokes for dope.
Think about it.
You sell the smokes in Canada, you're money ends up being laundered, you end up making way more money.
Cigarettes are better than cash.
You rock stars are all the fucking same.
I mean I see you on stage, I'm thinking, hey fuck, he looks pretty cool.
Leather pants fucking strings in the crotch, but you're not.
You're fucking dumb.
Cigarettes for fucking dope, trade? No, fuck.
Whoa, whoa. Listen Rick.
This might even be better man. This is making sense to me.
Are the cigarettes ready to go?
I got a truck waiting right now.
Okay, this is perfect man.
It's great for both of us.
You send me the dope, I send you the smokes.
It's fucking bang, fucke-ooo.
Yeah? Well what if we're in the woods and the train doesn't fucking show up with any cigarettes and you fuck us over.
Dude, do you think I'm making up some big story if I'm about to rip you off.
I guarantee you I will not fuck you around.
What about the god-damned forest fire?
No, it's cool.
It's still a ways away.
But listen, this needs to go down today.
What's it going to be.
[Conky voice] Your hair is gorgeous and beautiful.
What in the fuck is that!
It's nothing.
Dude, what is that?
It's cool man.
Isn't that my buddy? The guy with the glasses.
Yeah, it's a long fucking story.
Dude, is there something wrong with my hair.
No man, you're hair is fucking awesome.
Listen, we had a bit of a situation with our friend, he's all fucked up on drugs and alcohol. You know how it goes man.
Alright, the train's going to be there in about two hours.
I want you to be ready for it and no more fuck ups okay?
Dude, it is on.
Alright! Yes.
Why did you have to say that to him?
[Conky voice] He deserved it.
You are fucked.
Do you know how fucked you are? You are really fucked.
Mr. Lahey
You are in trouble.
Jim Lahey
Thanks a lot for your help.
Can't explain this, undercover.
Police Officer
Oh, okay Jim.
Mr. Lahey
Jacob, friendship.
Is that what you think it is with these guys.
You know what you are? Jail cover.
That means you go to jail and they don't.
Talk to me boy.
I'm not ratting on my friends, no way.
Mr. Lahey
Randy, take off Jacob's cuffs and put him in the back.
He'll talk.
Jacob, all we want is the Swayzie Express.
We know Bubbles stole it and we know you know about it.
You help us and I'll make sure that the courts go easy on your old man.
He's been buying stolen meat Jacob.
Stolen meat.
We did all the calculations here and everything here Rick but Conky'd like to run one more test you know, a balance check, make sure the loads don't shift.
Bubbles, do you really need Conky for this?
Bubbles; Julian, I know what you're thinking alright, but forget that.
It's not going to be like that this time.
Conky's not going to fuck with you guys.
Alright boys, it all comes down to this remote now.
I hope this fucker's wired right.
Let's do it.
Yes, yes! fuck yeah, Bubbles! This is going to work.
Just wait now.
Other direction.
Good job buddy.
It was perfect Bubbs.
Well, it wasn't all me Julian.
Conky helped too.
Guess what else he did?
[Conky voice] I got us some steaks, corn on the cob, jumbo shrimp, Caesar salad.
Why don't we all just go down to the river, and you guys get a fire going and we'll have a great time.
Awesome, thanks Conky. fuck Conky's being cool man.
Plus all that food.
Rick, Conky didn't buy us the food.
Bubbles bought us the food.
Don't get wrapped up in all this Conky bullshit.
I know, I'm good.
Set up camp down at the river.
Ow! Why do I have to wear a wire?
Mr. Lahey
Jacob, it's for your own safety bud.
Listen, don't trust these guys for a fucking minute.
Jacob, why did they need a model train this fucking close to the border bud.
I don't know.
Mr. Lahey
Are they using the train to smuggle dope across the border? Yes or no question.
I, I have no idea.
Conky's got to use it boys.
What the fuck is that?
Looks like two forest rangers.
Can they fucking do anything to us?
I don't think so man.
Put out a fire maybe.
Julian, we got a lot of fucking dope here man.
Ricky, you just gotta stay cool alright.
We're camping.
What the fuck are they driving?
Just stay cool, alright.
Let's handle it.
I was rocking a piss and I heard this some kind of motorized weird vehicle coming up the river there and two guys get out of it.
Forest rangers I guess.
And one of them looked just like G.I. Joe Tom Selleck.
Forest Ranger
What in the hell are you boys doing out here?
Do you not see this smoke.
In these parts boys, we call that a forest fire.
Now pack up your stuff, you got to leave.
We're not leaving.
We're camping getting high and drunk.
Right now I'm so fucking baked, I ain't scared of fire. fuck fire.
Smarten up Ricky.
Forest Ranger
Did you call him Ricky? Did you call him Ricky?
Amanda, get the stuff out of the Argo.
Funny thing is, we found garbage and a cooler with Ricky on it.
Now you wouldn't know anything about that would you Ricky?
Or maybe, maybe it's another Ricky, 250 miles from the middle of nowhere.
Oh that company's fucked. You know what.
These two guys came through here, they were threatening us and doing all the crazy shit, dancing around the woods right over there.
And they had that fucking cooler with them.
I guess the guy's name was Ricky, I don't know. But we..
Forest Ranger
Funny guy, funny guy. Look at this.
This is not a campground where you can have a party and litter.
This is a protected wild life sanctuary.
There are more beavers living here than anywhere else naturally in the world.
What's wrong with you guys? Look at this.
You're under arrest.
All of you. Amanda.
Under arrest. He said you can't arrest us.
Forest Ranger
Get up. Get up.
But this stuff here. Those same two guys.
Forest Ranger
You, down there. Amanda, take him. In the Argo, let's go.
Well I'm taking this beer and this joint.
Where are you guys take us?
[Conky voice] Excuse me.
Mr. Selleck? Tom Selleck?
Forest Ranger
What did you call me?
[Conky voice] You sir are a US Forest Ranger.
With a beautiful moustache I might add.
But you're standing on Canadian soil.
Which means you don't have any jurisdiction over us right now.
That river right there forms the border for you and your precious American beavers.
Forest Ranger
They're not American beavers or Canadian beavers.
They're beavers. Do I make myself clear?
[Conky voice] Give us a kissy.
Forest Ranger
As for you two, you stay out of the States or I will take you down so fast, it, it, it won't even be funny.
But we're not in the States. See, this is Canada.
Forest Ranger
Get out of my way.
Just like the puppet said. That's the US over there.
Forest Ranger
Get out of my way, or I will take you to the States. Out of the way.
Well, appreciate you guys talking to us.
If you need some good dope, we're right here.
Forest Ranger
Let's go Amanda.
[Conky voice] I have to say Julian, pretty impressive little operation you pulled together here.
Hey guys, what's up.
No don't shoot. It's me. It's Jacob.
What the fuck do you mean, what's up?
What was with the cops man?
Did they follow you here?
How the fuck did you get here?
I, uh, hitchhiked.
The cops, there's no cops.
My Dad called them because he didn't want me hanging out with you guys, but I told him to fuck off and that you're my friends. That's how I roll now.
You're so full of shit!
Ricky, knock it off. Jacob, come here.
Mr. Lahey
He made it in bud.
Welcome back to the team, buddy.
You okay?
Yeah I'm fine.
Looks like you need a drink.
You sure you're okay?
There's nothing else you want to tell me here?
Yeah, I'm fine. I just really need a drink, that's all.
Good, go mix yourself up a drink.
Get ready to send the train out.
Oh awesome.
Alright boys. You guys ready?
You do the honours Conky.
[Conky voice] Three, two, one.
Hey Sebastian. The turkey just went in the oven, okay.
Get ready to pick it up.
The bits and pieces you ordered are on their way.
The fucking drugs are coming over the border right now.
Be ready to send back the cigarettes okay?
If there's any cops listening, go fuck yourselves.
Bubbles. Could I have a word with Conky for a minute?
I just want to speak to Conky.
Yeah, sure Julian.
Not with you, just with Conky in private. Just for a minute.
Here Bubbs, have a beer.
Are you alright with that Conky?
[Conky's voice] Uh, yeah sure, I guess so.
Alright, I'll be right here. Just him.
So how you feeling Conky?
[Conky voice] Um, pretty good Julian.
Like good. Why do you ask?
I'm just a little worried about Bubbles.
I'm just hoping you could help me out here.
[Conky's voice] Well?
When Bubbles gets stressed out, he doesn't know how to deal with it sometimes.
Okay? So, I just wanted you to know that we're his real friends and could you just tell him that we're there for him no matter what?
Really? Cause I thought he was
[Conky's voice] I mean, I thought he was kind of on his own.
Uh, that's good to know then Julian.
I think we're done here.
[in Conky's voice] Sorry to interrupt Ricky, but Bubbles has to get some sleep now.
Conky, I'm not done talking to Ricky.
[Conky's voice] Bubbles. Bubbles, no.
[Conky's voice] Don't talk back to me.
[Conky's voice] Bubbles listen, we're going to bed right now.
Alright. I'm going to get some sleep alright boys?
Have a good sleep buddy.
Did you deal with that Conky stuff?
Me and Bubbles just talked about hockey.
I don't know man.
He kind of, there was, he kind of snapped there for you know, a second. I...
It's pretty fucking weird.
You're telling me.
[Conky's voice] Hello operator.
Yes, I was wondering if you could dial a couple of numbers for me.
I don't have the use of my arms.
Yes, I'm looking for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the DEA and the ATF.
Oh yes, I'll hold.
Well, Ricky and Julian worked up this plan with Sebastian Bach you know where we load up the train, model train with dope and it chugs through the woods there into the U.S. and Sebastian picks up the dope once it arrives, he loads it with cigarettes, sends it right back and, I mean, it's pretty elaborate, but I think it could work.
[in Conky voice] Ricky and Julian have pretty much everything riding on this one deal and if you ask me, the whole plan is fucked.
Anything could go wrong. A deer could kick that train off the track.
Somebody could call the authorities [laughter].
I don't even know how to deal with Conky, I don't know what to do with him.
Right now I think, I think Bubbles has totally lost his mind and it's all because of this great plan that I thought of. Great.
That forest fire is getting a lot fucking closer boys.
[in Conky voice] Are you guys going to accept the fact that Skiddy Row must have fucked you over. fuck it!
[in Conky voice] kissing sound Bubbles, would you put that fucking puppet away please.
Sorry Julian. Look cheer up, I mean, that was a pretty good plan.
That plan could have worked.
Conky, shut the fuck up.
The train probably burnt up in the forest fire.
Jacob! Boys, the cigarettes!
[in Conky voice] fuck!
Alright Shitty, back her up!
Let's go boys. Unload the freight cars. Get her moving.
That fucking Sebastian. What a great fucking guy man.
Great work Jacob.
I just gotta rock a piss boys, I'll be right back.
Hurry the fuck up.
Jacob, move it!
Okay, I'll just be a second.
Move it boys, move it, move it.
Can you fucking believe this man?
Come on, move, move, move move.
Let's get these fucking smokes loaded. Come on, move.
Alright Shitty, see you back at the park buddy.
And don't fucking this up. Those them cigarettes in there is our lifes.
And for fucks sakes man, take a shower, you look like a fucking hobolo.
Alright boys, so what the fuck are you going to do with the train?
You know what boys. fuck that train, I don't want anything to do with it.
Let's just get out of here.
Are you sure?
Whoa, whoa. Shhh, shhh.
What's that?
Boys, that sounds like a motor down by the river.
What the fuck?
[in Conky voice] Drunk prick, who could he be referring to I wonder Julian. I hope it's not some kind of fuckery.
How are you going to dance around this situation? Dirtily? [kissing sound]
Jacob! You guys check the river. Ricky, in the car.
Bubbles, consider that kiss your final warning. You know what you gotta do?
You gotta kill him!
[in Conky voice] fuck off Julian.
Let's go!
What the fuck? What the fuck's going on with this thing.
Come on Ricky! Try it again.
I don't know what the fuck's going on with it.
Be really still.
...easy now, I know the forest fire gets them upset...
Alright, get out.
Lahey and Randy!
How the fuck did they get here?
Fuckitty chomp in the fuck!
Randy, what the fuck are you doing here? How'd you find us?
Swayzie train is coming with us gentlemen.
[mocking Mr. Lahey] Swayzie train's coming with us gentlemen.
What the fuck are you doing shooting at Shitty Bill, you liquored up dummies?
Look at ya. Too drunk to do anything.
Everyone knows how it goes down with you and the liquor Jim.
You can't pace yourself.
Maybe I had a few drinks.
But maybe I know how all this is going to go down Julian.
Cause you're going to jail, Richard. Even sexy guys go to jail, Julian.
Jim, Jim, Jim, are you sure you haven't had too many drinks to pull this off?
Cause I'm willing to bet you have. fucking drunk.
Hey! Guys, I'm serious here.
He's frigging serious. fuck off boys.
You guys are under arrest for grand theft Swayzie train.
You're under fuck off for grand fucking offing.
Oh, fuck!
What the fuck!? Oh, you went too fucking far this time Lahey.
You crossed the fucking line, you shot Julian.
It wasn't me. fuck. You okay?
Would you help me out here Ricky?
Lahey fucking shot you.
Come on man, we gotta get the fuck out of here. fucking idiots.
I'm sorry Julian. fuck off Lahey!
It wasn't me Julian, it was the liquor.
Bubbles, Lahey and Randy shot me. We gotta get out of here.
How though man? The car won't fucking start.
Julian, the rangers are heading this way. They're crossing the river on their floaty thing.
Why is this happening to us now?
[in Conky voice] How could they possibly find you out here in the middle of nowhere Julian, unless somebody told them?
Did you fucking tell Lahey you little stick bitch.
No Ricky, I was with Conky the whole time. He didn't do anything.
[in Conky voice] Yeah Ricky, I'm not an impossibilist.
What the fuck is that supposed to mean? fucking kissed me.
[in Conky voice] Jacob told Lahey. It's the only thing that could've happened.
No, wait, we're friends. I wouldn't do anything like that.
[in Conky voice] Why don't you join us down at the car then Jacob.
Come on boys, there's something I'd like to show you.
Why don't you show them what you put in his gas tank Twiddly McGee.
I would wager that your gas tank has a delicious tasty flavour.
It is delicious. Sugarish.
[in Conky voice] Sugar!
Why Jacob?
No, I didn't, it wasn't.
Take off your shirt.
Why? I mean, no way. There's bugs. It's cold.
He's wearing a fucking wire. Should I shoot him Julian?
I can't believe this man.
Don't move. You are surrounded.
There are many guns pointed at you right now.
What's going on up here boys? We heard some gun shots.
Thank fuck you're here. Hillybillies chasing us big ime.
They shot my friend there.
One's got a big gut, no shirt on. fucking smells like barbeque sauce.
The other one is dressed as a cop or something fucked up.
They are fucking weird and they're wasted.
You know, I thought I smelled barbeque sauce, coming up here. fuck off hillybillies.
Alright now boys. Just relax. Just relax.
There's no such thing as hill billies up here in these woods.
You guys stay down. Amanda!
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Julian, let me explain.
I'm taking this fucking thing, right here.
Bubbs, come on, get in.
Sorry boys, there's no room. We'll have to work out something later.
There's tons of room.
Jacob, get the fuck out of here.
Let's move it Rick, come on.
Alright, I gotta figure this fucking thing out.
I'm really sorry guys.
You let me down Jacob.
Nice fuck up Jacob.
Come on Ricky, faster.
Please Julian. You can't leave us here.
I love you Julian!
Just keep going the fuck downstream.
It's the fastest way out of here Rick.
It's pretty hard when you're a fucking two or one a mile an hour shit wheeler Julian.
Ahoy Shitliner. Shitliner's finally come to port boys and guess who's here to tie her up!
What the fuck Lahey? Don't you ever give up? fuck off.
I feel just awful Randy about shooting Julian, but we gotta find that Swayzie Express and get the fucking fifty thousand dollars reward money.
More important than that Randy, I'd like to go out in a blaze of glory and make an arrest and then people will know, Jim Lahey was a good cop.
Watch those rocks here. Watch that tree!
Okay, I think they are out here.
Wah hoo! Today's getaway has been brought to you by the letter "F" for "fucked in the head"
Which you are Ricky!
What the fuck is wrong with this thing?
Who the fuck is that? Amerinicans!
Hey! Shut that damn thing off. Special Agent Ryan Chalkneck, FBI.
Which one of you guys is Conky?
[in Conky voice] That would be me. I guess you got my phone messages.
Phone messages?
What are you talking about Conky?
I think you should cross over now before things get out of hand.
You're all under arrest. fucking sold us out didn't you!
Ricky, calm down, we gotta figure this out.
Alright, this thing is going to escalate guys.
Let's lock it down. Okay, let me see your hands guys.
Let me see your hands. fuck off over there. This is my arrest.
You fuck off, this is Special Agent Ryan Chalkneck, FBI. fuck you!
Bubbles, you gotta lose the puppet and put up your hands, they need to see both of them.
I don't want Conky to get shot. fuck, there they are.
Alright guys, get your hands up now where we can see them.
You there in the red, let me see your right hand, son.
Let me see your right hand.
You're going to get yourself shot.
Put up your fucking hand. We're going to get shot.
[in Conky voice] Wouldn't want me to make any sudden moves Ricky?
Like this. Ah, ah.
Hold your fire. Hold your fire. It's a puppet.
Loch Ness Monster balls, I've been shot!
What the fuck was that?
You just shot those guys?
Help me Julian, I'm shot in the leg.
Jacob, you okay?
Put pressure on the wound, you'll be okay buddy.
I love you bud.
Stop fucking worrying about this freak that's pretending he's you.
You gotta deal with Conky man, or we're going to die here.
Bubbles, you know what you have to do with Conky.
Okay? So snap out of it and do it!
Come on!
[in Conky voice] You remember, I'm calling the shots here Bubbles.
Googly eyed bastard.
What the fuck did you call me? You're going under Conky.
That's right Bubbles, drowned him, drowned him.
[in Conky voice] Bubbles, we're a team like Abott...
Dirty dirty dancing...
Jesus Fuckin... I'll fucking kill you.
What the fuck is going on?
He's gone. He's gone. What the fuck am I doing boys?
We surrender. We will not put up a fight.
Who in the fuck's in charge here anyway?
I'm in charge.
I'm in charge here!
Actually, I'm in fucking charge. Me.
I'm the one in charge here not you idiots or you idiots, me.
Here's the deal. That's the US with all the fucking fancy guys, DEA, ATF, whatever the fuck that means, and FBI.
This is Canada with drunkey the clown and his little gut friend and two alien Trevors and fucking Jacob the twig alien and the Forest Pricks.
They don't pick a side to go to, we can't make an arrest.
Alright, this is the middle of the river, borderland.
So basically we can pick who busts us.
Make up your minds. Come on, we'll go easy on you over here.
We'll go easy on you over here too Rick. No big deal.
Bud, bring the boat back over to Canada, bud.
I don't trust you, you're wasted out of your god-damned mind.
What are you going to charge us with?
No big charge Rick, just internationally drug smuggler.
Gotta have that Rick. I'll drop all the other charges.
There's no drugs and no tobacco. It's gone, it's over.
You missed it. You're stupid. So go the fuck home.
Go home?! I've got twenty men in back up, I'm on overtime, I've spent my budget for the year. Helicopters.
I'm in the middle of a fucking forest fire.
I'm going home, but someone's going with me. Someone's gotta go to jail.
Jesus Christ. Well what the fuck do you want to charge us with?
I'm only going to charge you with stealing the Swayzie Express.
How much time do you get for stealing the fucking whatever that is?
About five, six months, tops.
Listen, if there's no international drug bust charges, I need the Trazie's Express Bus, that way Randy and me get to split fifty grand and we get to meet Patrick Swayze.
Cause we're big fans of his Ricky.
How fucking drunk are you right now?
Six out of ten.
Oh fuck! What are you going to give us for jail time Lahey?
Two, three months, max.
What about the Forest fuck Dummies, what have you got for us?
Endangering protected beavers, and we ain't willing to bargain on that.
What the fuck do you get for cocking over beavers?
You go to jail for that?
Five hundred dollars or thirty days in jail.
For stealing my Argo, you get it back over here, we'll talk about not charging you for that.
Well, we didn't steal it, we just fucking borrowed it.
But alright, that's not too bad. Just a second.
Okay, we're going to talk this out and figure it out.
You guys can go for a piss or have a couple of drinks in that situation, whatever.
Number one, I can't believe someone's going to jail for fucking beavers, but I may as well take that. Dad's in jail in the US anyway, I can see him.
Give me the video tape. I can't go to jail everywhere.
Alright, we got this worked out. We got a video tape right here of who stole the Swayzie Express.
All three of them are over there. Two of them are little fuck goofs, one of them's a little alien twiggy. We're going to leave him over there, but we'll bring the fuck goofs to you guys so you can take somebody home with you, if that's what you need.
I'll go with the forest fuckies and fucking deal with this beaver shit.
Are we cool here?
Alright, come on you guys.
I want some food, and I want to make sure I can get some dope in that jail, and I want to get drunk today.
Well, there's been enough talk. Let's see some action, come on. fuck, I hate this thing!
This is one of the nicest fucking jails we've ever been in.
People here are really friendly.
Oh, the food is fucking fantastic.
Me and Rick have been working on some mutual goals together, right bud?
That's right. We got our GEDs going.
Cause the book learning tests are way easier down here than they are in Canada. I got my fucking Grade 11.
I got my fucking Grade 9.
I'm going to be sad to leave this place, but can't wait to get back to Sunnyvale. We got a lot of money waiting for us back there.
No shit. What's for supper tonight bud?
Uh, fucking lobster bisque, king crab legs, scallops and strawberry shortcake for dessert.
Oh fuck, right on!
Despite all the bull shit and problems I went through lately, the deal actually worked. Shitty Bill got back to the park with all the cigarettes and I made four hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
I'm retired now. I can't believe it. I actually made something of myself.
I realize now Ran and myself don't need to go to Mexico.
This is our Mexico. I resigned from the force. It was too much.
I was meant to be a drunk trailer park supervisor.
It's what I was born to do.
I never saw it coming. Jacob and I totally fell in love.
I think he's the best looking guy I've ever seen.
I don't really like the whole Julian thing, but you know, I'm slowly working on it. We'd have to move into his dad's RV for a while but I'm considering living with him and Phil Collins until we can afford our own place.
Well me and T got out of the joint, it was a bit weird you know what I'm saying, with Randy and Lahey for a while, you know what I'm saying.
But now we aight with them and me and T realize it's time to grow up and get some family shit going. Family life's kind of tight. Saying.
I might even get back into the rap game one of these days.
Fatherhood has changed me big time.
It's helped me figure out a few things. Become more responsible.
I know what I want in life now. All I really want to do is get high and mow lawns in the trailer park. And that's okay.
I think having this baby with Bo-bandy will in a weird way will, in a weird way, give Ricky sort of a second chance at parenting and sort of getting himself together and if Ban's cool with it and Rick's cool with it, it's going to be really cool, I think.
Yeah, I think things worked out for the best really.
I miss the road, but I just don't think that this was the right time that I was on it so, no I've got a new grandson now, and uh, well it's Randy's but it's mine really.
No, I'm just basically drinking and having a good time.
That's the way she goes. That's the way she fucking goes.
I've been feeling like a million bucks lately.
I decided to go see and therapist and he told me it was perfectly normal to get that stressed out hanging around people like Ricky and Julian and Randy, crazy Mr. Lahey. Conky was just some sort of defence mechanism that my brain created so that I wouldn't go right off the deep end. So in a way, Conky pretty much saved my life.
So these days I'm just rocking with the boys and rocking with my kitties.
Well, me and the old man got out of jail this time and things were quite a bit different. I mean, it was the first time I got out of jail where I was fucking rich you know.
It was good to have a bit of money and I got my family back, Lucy, Trin, and the new baby which is kind of Randy's by birthing and stuff but it's pretty much my baby I think and you know, now I've got the money to supporting it and even though it's his by birthing, I can be just as good of a dad to it as if it was my own by it. And after all that jail and crazy shit that I've been through over the years, I finally got my brain to be learnt that all that really matters I guess is your friends and family.
That's all that matters to me now.
Yeah, like a sausage.
Can I get you something from the grill?
Yeah, a burger with four patties.
Bottle kids.
Don't worry it'll be over in a second...
What in the fuck!
So Randy, let me get this straight, you want four patties and one bun?
I'll get you two doubles and make it your self.
Drinks on the house everybody.
Good job on the burgers there Phil.
Pour yourself a drink, Philadelphia.
Welcome to our New Fully Upgraded Site! Our site was designed to be an interactive community where members could have all the latest features they wanted, and Editors could have a site work for them as they needed.
Ricky: how the fuck are you so stupid, jacob?
Turn it around so the cock-shaped thing's  At the back, you fucking idiot!
Sorry, ricky, if you're gonna yell at somebody,  Yell at your own fucking employee, not mine.
Ricky: jacob, get the fuck down here.
Holy fuck!
You're stupid, corey.
This is the stupidest you've ever fucking been.
Bubbles: jesus christ, ricky,  When you said you were getting ac unit,
I thought you were buying one.
Not getting the one they use to cool down  The whole fucking store.
Yeah, man, I got the one off the fucking roof.
Clint set me up big time.
I traded a half pound of weed.
It's perfect though.
I got a shit tonne of weed.
I've got to keep it cool, bubs, or it goes bad.
Oh fuck.
What in the fuck?
No, no, no, not a fucking chance.
You guys can fuck off with the cameras.
Swearnet's this internet company  That approached us with contracts,  Wanting to follow us around with video cameras again.
So they throw the contracts on the table,  Ricky grabs them, signs it immediately,  And the guy can't even fucking read.
Bubbles: ricky!
Swearnet, those assholes,  Tricked us into taking nine fucking grand.
Supposed to be ninety.
And where's the lifetime supply  Of fucking cigarettes and booze, huh?
Where the fuck is that?
Did you forget about that?
Think that'll just be water out of the fucking fridge?
The money's gone!
This contract is nullted.
Nulled and fucking void. fucking calm down! fucking gun's hot, ricky!
You stay the fuck out of my way,  Or I swear to fuck I'll blast your cocks right off your body.
Ricky: jesus christ!
Bubbles: fuck, she snapped!
Oh my fuck!
Aw, great!
Corey, you get back here!
Jacob, you fuck nerd, you're paying for this.
So are you, julian!
That was jacob's fuck-up right there.
Jacob's been working for julian for a while now,  And julian's been getting pretty fucking cocky about it,  So it was pretty cool when corey showed back up at the park.
Been running him full-time for about six months now,  He's been helping me out with my retirement.
And it sucks having one dummy around instead of two,  But hopefully fucking trevor comes back someday.
Nobody knows where that alien-looking,  Cinnamon-twist fuck chicken even is.
When me and trevor got released from the asylum,  We didn't wanna come to sunnyvale right away,  So we started hitchhiking and we went everywhere, dude.
It's like, we went to china, we worked in a rice field.
We went to australia  And made money playing didgeridoo on the street,  And then we went to new york  And we were gonna go see a backstreet boys concert  'Cause they were having a reunion,  And we wanted to see the subway because, you know, it's cool.
It's like famous.
We got on,  And the door shut before I got on behind trevor  And...
The train just left.
Oh my fuck, boys!
Oh god, orangey!
Orangey, are you okay?
Orangey is ricky's goldfish.
You know, when lucy and trinity were moving out of the park  To go live with george,  Ricky was pretty upset.
So, you know, trinity gave the fish to ricky  And he's become very attached to it.
Very attached to it.
Gary laser eyes likes him, too, don't you, gary?
Here, look. here is is.
Hang on, ricky, here!
Jam him in here.
Ricky: good thinking, bubbles.
Oh, thank fuck.
Oh, you like it in that little water bong?
You okay, little buddy?
Sam: I don't give two shits what you heard, barb!
I did not fucking bang him!
Barb: well, the person who just told me  Seemed to know an awful lot of details,  So I think you did effing bang him, sam.
Did she just say, "I believe you effing banged him?"  Yup.
Julian: for fuck's sake, marvin!
You gotta pace yourself, man!
I always wanted one of those bars  Like that tv show "cheers" -  You know, where everybody knows your name -  And now I have one.
Julian's sports bar and gym, and this place fucking rocks.
I mean, look at this place, the detail.
Sarah designed it.
Busy as fuck.
But the best part about the whole thing  Was that bubbles found a loophole  With the liquor licence -  I don't need one.
All I've gotta do is give away free drinks,  Collect donations - money goes in there,  Right into my pocket, tax free.
And I hired trin,  She's one of my best workers, unlike her dad.
I've had a really good couple of years  And basically every wall, the ceiling,  And my entire trailer -  All insulated with bales of weed.
And then I drywalled over it so you can't really tell.
It's fucking awesome.
And it's my retirement,  So I mean to keep weed the longest,  You gotta keep it at a constant four degrees celsnius,  And since it is my retirement that's what I have to do.
I've been taking the weed and making honey oil out of it.
It's a pain in the fucking ass to make.
I mean that right there took awhile,  But it's worth a lot of money  And I've been selling it to high-end clients.
And, you know, I am making over $1500 dollars a month right now  Through these clients.
I'm basically retired.
Things are going pretty damn good for me.
I'm all set up here  Right in between ricky and julian.
I've got a great big double-wide lot here  Because I've got a business about to start up:  Bubbles shed-n-breakfast.
Look at that, I come up with the whole concept myself,  Made the sign.
I think it's gonna be a fucking gold mine myself,  'Cause it caters to the millions of people out there  That wanna have a nice resort-style vacation,  But they wanna be able to bring their kitties with them.
Those places don't exist, so I'm gonna provide that.
I've got four pads there waiting for sheds.
It's gonna be fucking awesome.
They're all gonna have power, air conditioning,  High speed internet.
All the fucking amenities you can imagine.
And on top of it, I'm gonna be serving pancakes  With all-you-can-eat homemade maple fucking syrup.
I've been collecting the shit out of this stuff.
Basically you just filter out all the bugs and the nitre.
Boil the dirty whore off and she's ready to go.
There's all this shit  And then you just got pure maple syrup left in there,  And it is gonna be fucking scrump-dilly.
Only problem with this process is  It makes me really have to use it.
No, gotta use it.
Gotta use it.
Can you turn off the fucking camera?
Hey, boys,  Listen, I'll got all the fucking hoses and electrical hooked up.
I'll have her ready when you get back.
There's the money for the sheds.
I still don't know why you're wasting your money  When you don't fucking have to.
Bubbles, you need to fucking learn to see money  For what it really is.
Here you go, orangey.
So one night I'm laying awake in the car  And I can't fucking sleep  'Cause I've got all these thinks and thoughts  Roamin' around my brain compartments  And brain departments,  And this fucking flash lightning went off, or on,  Or whatever the fuck it does.
And my brain speakled out to me and said,  "Why the fuck am I trying to grow dope  To make money to buy shit, you know,  When, pretty much, the people that have all the shit I need  Smoke dope?"  So I got rid of the middle land  And I started making my own fucking money out of hash.
It's perfect.
I mean, with a pocket full of ten,  One, two, five gram hash coins,  You can buy whatever the fuck you need.
So I don't need money anymore.
Money can suck my cock!
Bubbles: fuck off, ricky!
Ricky: fuck!
Bubbles: we're doing this legit, ricky.
I wanna get my stuff the old-fashioned honest way.
That system might work for you, but I'm not doing that.
Ricky: great.
Bubbles: look!
Bubbles: it's old pissy paws himself.
Randy: what the hell's with the gunfire, ricky, you idiot?
Ricky: wasn't us.
What in the frig is that big thing?
Actually, it's a fuck-off machine, randy.
You never seen one before?
Who the fuck is this weirdo?
He's gonna be the new assistant trailer park supervisor, ricky.
He moves in tomorrow, all right?
You better treat him with some respect.
I sure hope you got the permits  And necessary documentation to hook that thing up.
I hope you got the necessary doguments  And fucking permutations to suck on my shaved balls,  Do you, randy?
Nice slippers.
What happened to your brand new fancy shoes?
Very funny, ricky.
I know you're the one that pissed in my new shoes.
Don't think I'm gonna forget about it either.
Come on, donald, let's go.
Wasn't me, randy.
I don't piss.
Bubbles: anyway, boys, get to the fucking hardware store,  The big blowout sale that's happening  Right in the parking lot.
Just promise me no fucking shady horse cockery.
Julian: bubs, don't worry, we're gonna get your sheds, okay?
And then we're gonna come back here and celebrate.
Boys, look around.
Look what we've fucking accomplished here.
That's great except for the big fucking massive hole  In the roof of my car.
What the fuck am I supposed to do  If it ever fucking rains again?
Jim: today is my last day as supervisor  Of sunnyvale trailer park.
I haven't been getting along that well  With my ex-wife, barb, lately,  Ever since she married that loser, sam losco.
Anyway, she didn't think it was appropriate  To renew my contract.
Nineteen years.
Not even a goddamn thank you.
Oh, and guess who's the new supervisor?
So this is where I live, donald.
Donald: lovely.
Don't pay much attention to mr.
Lahey  If he's a little standoffish towards you.
He's not in the best of mood about having to retire today.
Oh, and he's a little uneasy  About me hiring a new assistant, too,  Especially one as handy and toned as you are.
Thank you.
Mr. Lahey, we've got some company here.
Mr. Lahey, what in the frig are you doing?
You said you weren't going to drink  Until after you were officially retired.
It's just orange juice?
I might have a little drink  To celebrate my retirement tonight, randy,  But then again I might not.
I haven't decided yet, bud.
I'm in control.
Maybe more in control  Than I ever been in my whole life, bud.
You must be donald.
Donald: yes, sir.
It's a pleasure to be graced by your presence.
You have intense eyes.
What brings you two by?
Ricky's installing this big friggin' thing  On top of his trailer,  And he's got no permits.
I thought you might wanna take him down  As trailer park supervisor, one last time.
Ah, leave him alone, randy.
Randy: mr. Lahey, why have you been backing down from ricky lately?
I haven't been backing down.
There's more at play than meets the eye here, bud.
Yeah, like ricky pissing in my brand new shoes.
You didn't back me up on that one either.
Comme ca, comme ci.
I'll look after this myself.
I washed those frigging shoes three times  In tomato juice and vinegar,  And they still smell like piss.
Ricky: there you go, dale.
I'll give you two tenners and a five, man.
I'll have her back in half an hour.
Bubbles: fuck, boys, I'm so fucking excited.
Thanks again for doing this.
One more month of good cart business  And I'll have enough money  To put the interiors in those fucking sheds.
Get this fucking thing lit up!
Ricky: it's gonna be awesome, man.
About fucking time!
Bubbles: fuck, I love that car.
Where have you guys been?
Never mind where we been, man, we're here now,  You know what I'm sayin'?
What up, b?
All: hey, j-roc.
How you feelin', dawg?
What's up, t?
What's up, y'all?
What's goin' on, man?
You too.
Rascal, right?
What's up, fellas?
Did I get you, julian?
J-roc: hey!
What's up, man?
Julian: where's the stuff?
J-roc: I got the stuff wit us.
Well, the stuff should be in the bar.
Well, the stuff's in my trunk  Till we talk about some shit first.
J-roc, we've been through this before, okay?
I don't need a fucking bar partner right now.
This shit's running perfectly.
Ask yourself why it's running perfect.
It's because of my shit, you man.
This here's roc vodka, you know what I'm sayin'?
J-roc: can I get a zhyeah?
All: zhyeah!
Comes in four delicious flavours,  You know what I'm sayin'?
Blueberry, ban-orange, pazamagranate,  And apple cizinnamon, y'all.
Delicious and tight as piss, you know what I'm sayin'?
J-roc: can I get a rra-rra?
All: rra-rra!
Cut me in, bwoy.
We can be partners, dawg,  I'll make it some next level bullshit,  You know what I'm sayin'?
But you gotta trus.
The two of us.
I went as far as I could in the rap game, y'all.
Got accolades, had shorties pushin' up on my junk,  You know what I'm sayin'?
Then I was like,  There's gotta be more to liz-ife,  You know what I'm sayin'?
I looked 'em up.
I was like my homeboys j and fitty,  And all them ma'fuckers, they got briz-and, dawg.
You know what I mean?
So I wanna be a business ma'fucker.
I wanna be a business ma'fucker.
Now I just need one thing,  And that's for julian to cut me in  On a little ear-a ear-a, iggita-iggita ear-a  Azh-brap zha-brap ear-a ear-a iggita zlam!
You gotta think about this.
All right, I'll think about it.
We'll talk about this later.
J-roc: let's talk about it now you-  No, let's talk about it later.
Let's talk about it later,  But I can take this shit next level, b.
I know.
You gotta trus!
I know, man, I trust you.
I'll talk to you later about this.
I'm busy.
Green, kajijojiji...
Julian: just unload the shit.
J-roc: rascal.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Mr. Finch, mr. Green,  Unload that shit, y'all.
Bubbles: is that a new flavour?
J-roc: yeah, right.
Pound that in your word hole  And tell me it ain't the birth of christ.
Berry flavoured.
Berry delicious, ain't it?
It's dope!
Julian: hey, man, just park in front of these sheds.
Rick: it's coconut and talk-o.
Julian: rick, we don't have time to talk to coconut and talk-o.
Rick: I just wanna give talk-o a little piece of weed.
He fucking loves it.
I love that fucking bird.
What the fuck's going on, coconut,  You spicy son of a whore.
Parrot: agg!
Spicy son of a whore?
Coconut: told you, man, watch the language around me bird, man.
Me have customers.
Talk-o likes weed.
Parrot: agg!
Talk-o likes weed.
Ricky: you like that, don't you?
Coconut: ricky, come on, man.
Tongue my balls!
Tongue my balls!
Coconut: come on, ricky, man.
Julian: come on.
Let's go buy these sheds.
Parrot: finger my ass.
Suck my cock.
Ricky: bubbles hasn't thought this out very well, if you ask me.
We can get those fucking sheds for free, okay,  And then sarah can take that money.
We're not stealing the sheds.
But she could take the money  And get the interiors all decked out,  Then he's set up like we are.
Look at those two, it'd be a fucking joke.
What're you thinking?
Hey, coconut,  Can I borrow your fucking lights for a minute?
Hey, bubbles, I need to see the permit for this thing?
Are you even qualified to be doing this?
Bubbles: what?
I don't have fucking permits for this, randy.
Well, I've got to ask you to cease work immediately.
I'm sorry, but I know this has got something to do  With ricky growing dope.
No, it doesn't have anything to do with growing dope,  I swear on jehovah's nutsack.
That's just an air conditioner.
We all needed one for the businesses  And we thought if we just got one biggie and shared it.
You know, I'm gonna have it all hooked up to code  And everything, I promise.
Please, randy?
It does make a lot of sense, randall.
I can feel the sincerity.
Your soul is pure.
Randy: if I find out ricky's growing, I'm shutting it down.
Jim: (over walkie-talkie) randy, there's a big shitstorm going down at barb's.
Meet me there!
Come on, don.
Don: and away we go.
Ricky: on the ground!
Undercover intercontinental insect enforcement agency.
Julian: get down!
Ricky: hands where I can fucking see them!
Do not fucking move!
People are fucking stupid, especially college peoples.
You show up with a flashing light and hand gun  And use a bunch of big words,  And you basically get whatever the fuck you want for free.
This is worse than we thought, officer lahey.
Totally infested with the afnican  Hellimenium-eating zulu petes.
Julian: oh, jesus christ.
Ricky: we gotta burn all these right now,  All these new ones.
Let's go, on your feet!
Let's go!
Get up!
On your feet!
Give us a hand.
We gotta take all these away right now.
Julian: oh, jesus, rick, we got a pisser.
Ricky: oh my god, did you piss yourself?
Kid: you fucking scared me.
Ricky: oh, you're lucky we got here when we did.
They spread across the country in two weeks,  They bang like crazy.
It's a good thing.
Come on, let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
You know, I feel bad.
Here's a couple hash coins, okay?
I got these from the last bust.
Don't tell your fucking boss.
Let's get these going quick before he comes out here.
These things are gonna fucking spread everywhere.
Move it, move it.
Holy fuck, college peoples are stupid.
Do not say a fucking word to bubbles about this either,  You assholes.
Barb: I don't care!
Sam: barbie!
Barb: I don't care!
I want you out of my life!
Sam, I want you out of my life and out of this trailer park!
Jim: barb!
Go back inside.
I'll deal with this.
I don't know why I keep ending up with men  Who turn out to be something other  Than what I think they are.
Don't you tell me what to do, jim lahey!
I want you off my property, too!
Just go, both of you!
Sam: you can't kick me off this park!
I own half this fucking shithole!
You don't own half of sunnyvale, sam,  'Cause I own one percent.
So calm the fuck down!
Calm down?!
Don't you fucking tell me to calm down, lahey!
Jim: randy?
Sam: if I want any lip from you at all,  I'll wave my dick at you.
Barb: oh!
Just go!
Sam: yeah.
Jim: beat it, sam!
Just go!
You are a fucking...
You're a cheating bi-sexual-  Don't say it!
Barb: cavemaaaaaan!
You had to fucking say it, didn't ya?
Let me show you a fucking caveman.
Here's your caveman right here.
Right here.
Yeah, you want some caveman?
You want some caveman?
Oogah fucking oogah!
There's your caveman! anyway, that is that,  And I have to sell the park to split the assets with sam,  And I will take my half  And I will buy some cute little place  Down south where it's warm,  And, um...
And I will never look back.
Ricky: where in the nuclear fiddlecocks is my fucking car?
Corey took it to get it fixed, ricky.
He actually felt pretty bad about this morning.
Ricky: good!
He fucking should.
Bottle kids!
Bubs, come check out your shed, man.
Bubbles: this is amazing!
Amazing, boys.
You did it!
Oh my fuck, you even got the oil tank.
Ricky: fucking right!
I paid a bunch of hash coins towards everything, man.
Saved you a tonne of fucking money.
Look me in the eye.
You guys stole them.
You stole the fucking sheds.
Not exactly, bubs.
Julian, I can't believe this!
I've been working my nuts to the bone, day and night,  Hauling shopping carts,  Just so I can live a clean, respectable life,  And this is what you fucking do.
But now you have enough money you can open up immediately, man.
We did it for you!
It's awesome!
Julian: the people at the store had no idea we were stealin' them.
They thought we were doing them a favour by getting rid of them.
Julian, fucking listen to yourself,  "They thought you were doing them a favour."  Maybe you could do me a favour once in a while  Without turning it into a goddamn crime spree.
Do you think you could do that?
I'm going up to haul more shopping carts.
When I get back, these dirty stolen sheds  Better be off my property.
Who's got your belly?
You get your fucking hands off my belly!
Holy fuck.
Julian: nice going.
What the fuck are we gonna do now?
Let's get high as fuck and build some sheds.
Bubbles: ...fucking do this my way!
People fucking it up on me.
What the fuck!
Hey, we're almost done here, guys.
Julian: nice!
Great work today, everybody.
Good hustle.
Least we could do for a ma'f, you know what I mean? five-o, y'all.
Ricky: fucking pussies.
We businessmen.
We don't play five-o, bitches.
Ricky: fucking joke.
Good evening, officer highcock,  Beautiful night out there tonight.
This new cop shows up to the trailer park  With his pants pulled up to his tits.
He looked like a fucking idiot.
He was an idiot.
I don't know what j-roc and t  And the roc power are so worried about.
The guy's fucking dumb.
Probably dumber than george green.
Officer highcock can fuck right off.
I'm not scared of him.
Officer daniels: it's officer daniels, to you.
I've heard a lot about you guys.
Ricky: oh good.
Then you probably heard that you can (coughs) suck  (Coughs) our cocks.
Officer daniels: what was that?
You want to repeat that, son?
Ricky: no, nothing.
Just coughing.
So what can we do for ya?
Where did you get the sheds, boys?
We actually found them in the classified ads,  Got a really, really fucking good deal on them.
So those 4 sheds weren't stolen from the hardware store today?
Because the description of the two idiots that took 'em  Matches you two unemployed dumbasses.
Lucky for you, there were no cameras  On that side of the building.
Ricky: some sheds got stolen?
Man, that sucks!
What colour were they?
We can keep our eyes open for them.
We know a lot of people.
Officer daniels: oh yeah, you don't think I know that you painted them?
Ricky: oh, so you think we did it.
Okay, so we stole the sheds and then we painted them,  And wired them up with electricity,  Put air conditioning in,  Did all the insides, decorated them,  And got drunk in one fucking day.
That's quite a fucking theorny you got there, eisenstein.
You know I've met a lot of dumb shits just like you in my time,  And every single one of them ended up in jail.
Just a matter of time.
See ya around, boys.
Ricky: love your pants.
Sarah: bye, officer!
Ricky: fuck off.
You stole those sheds?!
You guys promised.
It was the only way, sarah, to get 'em open this quick.
It's always the only way with you, ricky.
Julian: I think I hear bubbles coming.
Wobbly son of a whore!
Looks like you got a pretty good haul there, bubs.
What, you're not gonna talk to me now?
Bubbles: no.
Julian: listen, man, I'm sorry.
I gotta show you something.
Bubbles: well, I don't wanna see anything.
Julian: well, I'm gonna stand right here until you change your mind then.
Oh, is that right?
Well, I'm not gonna change my mind,  So it's gonna be a long night.
Fine then.
I'm gonna sit right here  Until you change your mind then.
Well, it's gonna be a long night, julian.
Hope you got lots in your drink.
Julian: certainly do.
Hope you don't gotta piss.
No, I already pissed.
I'm good for about eight hours, bud.
Julian: sure you don't wanna come see what I wanna show you?
Bubbles: no, I'm perfectly fine standing here 'til the morning.
Julian: so am i.
Bubbles: set your alarm clock.
Bubbles and julian are two of the most stuvern people I know.
I've seen them get into fucking mexicali stand-ons  That can last for 3 or 4 hours.
It's fucked.
Bubbles: (imitates a blaring alarm clock)
Can't turn off my honker, julian.
Jesus christ, this is getting ridiculous.
I got a deal for you.
You come see what I wanna show you,  You win.
I win?
I wanna hear you say, "all right, bubbles, you win."  All right, bubbles, you win.
All right, let's go then.
Hey, sarah, they're coming!
They're coming!
Julian: okay, keep those eyes closed, bubs.
Bubbles: I got them closed.
Quit bossing me around.
Julian: bubs, we spent all day working on this, all right?
On the count of one, open those eyes.
Three, two, one, open.
Bubbles: oh my god!
Sarah: do you like it, bubbles?
Bubbles: do I like it?
Look at this!
It's unbelievable!
My god, it looks like a norman rockwell painting.
Did you decorate them up, sarah?
Sarah: well, everybody helped.
They're fucking amazing!
Look at the little kitty signs over the beds.
I know, barb donated those.
She made them especially for you.
Look, I have to tell you something.
I'm so sorry.
Nobody told me that these sheds were stolen.
Yeah, sorry, man.
It's all right.
They were just trying to do a nice thing for me.
Julian: well, everything's gonna be legit  And running smooth from now on, I promise, okay?
Julian: no more crime, buddy.
Bubbles: (sighs) all right.
Girl: congratulations, bubbles!
Bubbles: is that a cake for me?
Ricky: congrats, buddy.
Bubbles: (laughs) look at that.
"Congrats, ma'fucker."  J-roc must have put the icing on.
I'm so proud of you, bubbles.
Bubbles: well, I did have some help from my friends.
Bubbles: is it ice cream cake?
Ricky: no, man, it's frozen.
My fuckin' trailer's outta control.
Are you sure you hooked that thing up right?
It's fucking freezing in there; it's on the lowest setting.
Bubbles: ricky, that was meant to cool down  A 20,000 square foot fucking department store,  Not a trailer packed full of weed.
Ricky, I am so sorry about what happened today,  But check it out.
Corey, you know that's a fucking house window  You put in there, right?
What're you thinking?
Ricky: oh, I know what he was thinking.
I get it.
A fucking sun roof!
Great fucking encore!
You fixed jacob's mistake.
Corey: case of pepperoni and smokes, dude.
Ricky: good work, corey.
Corey: thanks, dude.
Barb's selling the park, what's up with that?
Ricky: what?
Bubbles: what?
Well, lahey's out front putting a for sale sign up.
Ricky: what the fuck are you talking about?
Ricky: what the fuck do you think you're doing,  You fucking asshole?
Jim: I'm just doing my job, ricky.
You should get one sometime.
Ricky: oh, yeah?
What, you're retiring,  So you're gonna fuck with us one last time  By trying to sell the trailer park?
That's bullshit.
Jim: I'm not trying to sell the trailer park.
Barb and sam are, to split the assets, ricky.
Julian: what the fuck are you talking about?
Jim: well, apparently someone made an anonymous phone call  To barb today  And barb and sam's marriage came to an abrupt and shitty end.
Jesus christ.
This is gonna totally fuck everything up.
We gotta get a hold of barb.
Maybe we can help her buy out sam or something.
It'd be great if it were that simple, julian,  But unlike she did with me,  Barb didn't have sam sign a pre-nup  And now they own equal shares of the park.
So what does that matter?
Well, one of them needs a majority  To buy the other one out.
It's true; it's a shotgun clause.
Jim: and there's only one other person  Who owns a share in this park!
One percent to be exact.
And who's that?
Oh, fuck.
You called barb.
What are you talking about?
That's crazy talk.
Oh, look, I'm officially retired, boys.
Bubbles: oh my god, he's on the fucking liquor.
Ricky: we're fucked.
Julian: check that drink out, bubs.
Bubbles: ha ha!
It's got a dinky in it.
Vodka 'n dinky.
Ricky: oh fuck!
Julian: what the fuck do you want?
Sam: everyone stay cool,  I'm just dropping off a letter to barbie.
Here you go, babe.
What is this?
It's already been opened!
Yeah, that came for you a couple of weeks ago  And I would have remembered to drop it off to you,  Except you became such a crazy, fucking bitch!
This says that I owe 2,200 in back taxes  To be paid by the end of the week.
I-i gave you that money, sam.
Probably fucking spent it  On goddamn cave painting loincloths.
Very funny, bubbles, but guess what?
If barb doesn't pay that bill,  I have the option to pay it, and I will.
Ricky: yeah, you also have the option  To suck on all four of our cocks.
Barb: wait a minute, what does that mean you have the option?
If I pay it, I become dominant shareholder,  You know, the big cheese,  The kind caveman of the trailer park.
Tarman was a lord that lived in a fucking forest,  Not a cave you stupid, fucking dummy.
Sam: see you, baby.
Bubbles: fucking dickweed, that guy is.
Julian: barb, don't worry about this, I can take care of it.
Barb: (annoyed sigh)
Julian: barb, I can take care of it. holy fuck.
Ricky, can you start making as many hash coins  As you can, please?
Yeah, I heard you the first time mister talkie-walkie  In my fucking ear.
You don't think I can hear ya?
I'm right beside ya.
This is bullshit, man, I'm supposed to be retired.
It's the v-team, ricky,  You gotta stick with the program.
Ricky: fucking sick of the fucking v-team.
What do you need all the hash coins for?
'Cause I need to hire some new employees for the bar.
What kind of employees?
I gotta take it up a few notches, man.
Randy: wow, that's really cool.
I always wanted to get a tattoo,  But I was always too chicken.
Nice placement, don.
Donald: oh thanks, randy.
Yes, the concentric circles of the mind  Descending in upon themselves.
The design came to me one night  After making sweet love to two puntas  In france, high on mushrooms.
Geez, I really wish I had something meaningful  I could tattoo on me.
Randy: oh, what the frig is this?
Sam: fuck you!
Randy: what a friggin' waste of a seven dollar chicken.
Julian: all right, guys, listen up.
I want to turn my bar into a high-end strip club,  I want it open tonight,  So we've got a lot of fucking work to do.
Sarah, you're gonna be in charge of the new design of the place.
Sarah: okay.
So what are you thinkin'?
Actually you know what?
A rooftop vip lounge wouldn't be that hard to do.
We can do that up there?
I just need some plywood and some paint, maybe.
All right, perfect.
Make up a list and give it to bubs.
Bubs, get the list over to ricky, corey, and jacob, okay.
All right.
I want you to be in charge of a new name and a new sign.
So use your imagination, come up with something cool.
Julian, I don't really have time for that.
I got shed-n-breakfast shit to do.
Bubs, you're a leader.
The v-team, remember?
You got to suck shit like this up, man.
Bubbles: all right, all right, I'll make the fucking sign.
I'll come up with the name.
J-roc, I want you to hire some strippers.
J-roc: aw, b, you know what I'm sayin',  We like to help but we can't help in that way,  You know what I'm sayin'?
We ain't no peeler dealers,  You know what I mean?
What are you talking about?
It ain't our brand, dog.
You won't see fi'ty, or jay-z or any of them ma'fuckers  Dealing strippers, you know what I'm sayin'.
That's kind of five years ago for us.
Sarah: julian, I can get you some girls, it's not that hard.
Thank you, sarah.
So what the fuck you gonna do to help me out?
Thought you wanted to be my partner?
I do.
All right, well, what're you gonna do?
J-roc: when I retired, t was like, "man, don't retire,"  And I was like, "I have to retire,  It's time to do something else.
And I was like, "man, you can't drop the mic."  And I was like, "mic dropped, too late."  You know what I'm sayin'?
Tell you what I'm thinking.
J-roc: you know I'm (mimics record scratch)
I'm back dog.
I'm gonna come out of retirement and perform on stage  At this bar, yet to be named, tonight.
But I always said, there was only three reasons  I would come back in the rap game, you remember that?
I remember them.
T and j-roc: reason number one:  Fuckin' mc at my grandma's funeral,  You know what I'm sayin', but she didn't want no music,  Said that before she died.
Number two.
Number two, if I could rap president obama's inauguration,  You know I'm sayin'.
They had diana ross, or some shit.
Number three.
One of my boys needs me to have their back.
That's the case we find ourselves in right now,  You know what I'm sayin'.
It ain't one of the roc pile, but it's just as close.
Julian wants me, imma be there for him.
Julian: are you serious, man?
J-roc: perform on stage, boy.
J-roc: you're my boy from back in the day.
That's what friends do for each other  When they about to be partners.
Julian: all right listen to me, man,  You fill this place every night with customers,  Then we're gonna be talking partnership.
Don't worry about that, dawg.
Okay, boys, let's get to work.
J-roc: get outta here, dawg, don't worry about us.
We back.
We in effect.
J-roc: what!
T: what.
J-roc: we back.
We back.
Ah man, you lose, dawg.
A'ight, you out, next round.
It's our chance to get back on stage,you know what I'm sayin'?
Man: caw, caw.
Help my fuck, you did not bring that eagle flag, bitch.
Man: caw!
I know you want to leave that in the car next time, dawg.
Set it the fuck down, we not ma'fuckcaws,  We ma'fuckers.
I'm so friggin' thirsty.
Hey, randy.
I was thinking that maybe you and I  Could go on a little date-y poo ce soir.
I was thinking maybe I'd lay off the liquor  And ah, get a little nitrous back in the old pipeline.
You're serious?
That sounds like fun, mr. Lahey.
Mr. Lahey, you drank all the friggin' lemonade.
I made that specifically for don and i,  It's our favourite drink.
Oh, you and donny have a favourite drink now, do you?
What's next, you gonna shack up with him?
No, I'm not gonna shack up with him,  We both just like lemonade.
It's very refreshing on a hot day.
Yeah, well, maybe you wouldn't get so hot  If you weren't looking at his ass crack so much.
I don't look at his ass crack.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I've been following you  All morning, randy.
Just glanced at it, I wasn't staring.
I was looking at his tattoo.
Lahey: (mocking)
I was looking at his tattoo.
You know, I've got needs.
It's getting pretty friggin' boring  Looking after those needs all by myself  For the past 11 weeks, 10 days, and 18 minutes.
Sarah: okay, so up on the roof, the vip section has an umbrella,  And some kind of sexy lighting and...
Hey, guys.
Barb asked me to bring over these tole paintings?
She's donating them so we can sell them here  And put the money towards the cause.
Nice, nice.
Okay, someone will buy those fucking things.
Hang them up, I guess.
Hey girls.
Sarah: hello.
Ah, don't worry about the camera,  It's nothing, all right.
Sarah: you guys look great.
Thanks for coming.
Um, we should probably see like some moves, or what you got.
You wanna do, like, a little audition, or something?
Yeah, definitely, definitely.
Sarah: okay, you can start.
Sarah: it's a bit awkward.
Maybe we should have some music or something.
Julian: no, it's okay, let's just see a bunch of moves here.
Sarah: yeah, everybody dance.
Actually can you show that, like, booty thing.
Julian: whoa!
Sarah: that ass is gonna make us some money.
Nice, nice work, sarah.
Sarah: thanks. bubbles just informed me  That I have to go with the toenail fuck twins now  And steal strip club supplies.
What the fuck?
This whole v-team thing that bubbles set up  Is supposed to be like that a-team tv show,  Is a crop of shit.
Julian, I mean, he's supposed to be that muscular  Mister letter guy with the mohawk,  And instead he's acting like that bossy,  Cigar-smoking hannibal lechner that eats people.
And what the fuck am I doing right now  Making hash coins for his business  When I should be making honey oil for my business?
I've gotta have this thing full when sebastian bach gets here.
Hey, honey, where are you going?
Oh, I just have to go talk to julian.
I'll talk to you later.
Hannibal lechner even gets to spend more fucking time  With my family than I do now, brain-eating cocksucker.
Sorry, orangey.
You okay?
Here, have a little piece of hash.
Julian: you ladies look fantastic.
I'm honoured to be working with ya.
As long as we put a 100 percent into this bar  And it starts making money, then we all make money.
Until then, thanking you for working for liquor.
Hash, and tips.
Do you guys got any questions?
All right, guess I'll see you guys tonight.
Let's have a good fucking time, everyone!
Strippers: woo!
Sarah: cheers!
Julian: nice work, nice work.
Sarah: thank you.
We need to talk about price scale  And extras, all right.
Julian: hey, trin.
Hey, you look really busy,  Did you want me to come back later?
No-no-no-no, I always have time for you, sweetie.
Want a drink?
I can't.
That's what I need to talk to you about.
Uh oh.
Does your mom know?
Yeah, she told me to talk to you before I talk to dad.
She thinks he's gonna kill him.
Is it who I think it is?
Do you love him?
Are you mad at me?
Of course not.
But you've gotta tell your dad right away  Before he finds out from somebody else.
That won't be good for anybody.
I'm going to be a great uncle.
That's fucking amazing!
Hey, hey, hey, everything's gonna be cool.
I promise.
All right?
Let me see you smile.
All right, that's better, honey.
Cory: what the hell?
Ricky: it's about fucking time, boys.
Nice fucking work with the tools, corey.
Cory: thanks.
Jacob: I got the hard hats.
Ricky: oh, I'm really impressed,  You lankety smokestacked cocksplinter.
Get the fuck in the car.
Tools in the back seat,  Jacob, you get in the trunk.
No smoking in there.
Julian: change of plans, ricky.
I'm taking jacob and fucknuts here to get the supplies.
You take the rest of the afternoon off with your daughter.
You're not in charge of the v-team, bubbles is.
Why you being a dick?
She needs to talk to you about something.
I'm trying to help out here.
I'm not being a dick, and trinity can make up her own brain.
You wanna spend the rest of the afternoon with the old man?
Sure, can I drive?
Ricky: sure.
This is gonna be awesome, sweetheart.
Cory, get the fuck out.
And you too, jacob, you praying atlantis  Buggy looking fucktwat.
Get the fuck going.
Julian: let's go, boys.
Cory: you want the tools?
Can I get the tools?
Ricky: what the fuck you looking at, jacob?
You looking at this?
That's what you should be looking at.
Cory: shotgun!
Julian: let's go, jacob!
Holy, mr.
Lahey, open up some frigging windows.
Back on the smokes again, are ya?
How long are you just gonna stare at that?
'Til I figure out what to do with it.
What the fuck do you care, anyway?
I had a long talk with don.
I just figured out what I want to do with it.
Thank you very much, randy.
Don said that your little problem down there  Is not just your little problem,  But it's our little problem together.
Offer still open to get a guy drunk tonight?
Absolutely, ran.
Welcome back, randy.
You guys are clear on what you need to get?
All right, put on your hard hats.
As long as you have those on,  You can do whatever the fuck you want in there  Because people are stupid.
In your bag, there's one of these.
It's for emergencies only.
Got it?
Yeah, man.
Nice one.
Okay, try to avoid talking to people.
Let's go.
All right, we got this, julian.
Julian: nice.
Corey: (over walkie-talkie) hi, julian, this is jacob.
I love you.
Corey, hand the fucking walkie over to jacob,  He's in charge, you fucking idiot.
Stop fucking around.
Jacob: (over walkie-talkie) sorry, julian.
I don't think this is a good idea, trin.
Oh, come on, george isn't home.
Don't be a pussy.
Lucy: hey, trin.
Trinity: hey.
Hi, rick.
Jacob: (whirring) julian wants something long and round, this is square.
Cory: what?
Jacob: this is square?
Nah, can't do it, I'm allergic to pie crust.
How much longer?
Jacob: uh, yeah, 10-4, julian.
Um, we're almost through the last pipe.
Ah, five minutes tops?
You've got two.
Hurry the fuck up.
Jacob: okay, copy.
Julian: boys, we just hit the jackpot.
Get the fuck out here right now.
Ricky: it's not bad.
Lots of fancy space and rooms.
Lucy: yeah, it's okay.
You look great.
So what's going on?
Okay, so, our little girl has been dating somebody  Over the last couple of months and-  Really.
A guy?
A guy.
And she's really in love with him,  And has something she wants to tell you,  But you have to promise not to get upset.
Trinity: dad...
I'm pregnant.
What do you mean?
Trinity: jacob, he's my boyfriend.
You're gonna be a grandfather.
Lucy: are you okay?
I don't know.
I feel like my brain's short circulating.
I think I gotta go.
I love you guys.
I gotta go.
That actually went better than I thought.
He said he loves us.
Sarah: hey, everybody, thanks for coming out.
The bar's gonna open in a minute here.
Let me tell you, the drinks are super cold,  And the ladies are smokin' hot.
So get out your money.
How's the pole coming, jacob?
Jacob: it's secure, but it's still a bit wobbly.
Julian: all right, fuck it, we'll fix it tomorrow.
Okay, julian, close your eyes.
You're gonna fuckin' love this.
Julian: all right.
J-roc: you ready, man?
Julian: I'm ready.
J-roc: jam ya lookballs on dis!
Are they open?
Just do it, bubs.
J-roc: giant.
Man: it's patrick fuckin' swayze's bar!
Are you fucking kidding me?
Never mind that ma'fucker across the street, dog.
We tested it, went through the riz-oof.
It's going to be tight.
People love the name.
Best strip club names ever, julian.
All right, you gotta get set up, man, come on.
Ricky: fuck you, jacob collins!
You stay right there!
Bubbles: ricky.
Jacob, you get the fuck down here right now.
Bubbles: calm down.
Ricky: yeah, don't run away like a scared little boy,  Come and talk to me like a man. fucking idiot.
Bubbles: ricky, look, I heard the news, just calm down.
Let's go talk about this.
Don't get my belly right now, bubbles.
I need to get baked out of my mind  And see if my brain can figure out  What it's trying to tell me.
It's all fucking swirly  And fucking, jesus!
Bubbles: ricky, come on.
Not right now!
Who's got your belly?
Yes, yes, yo, what's poppin'?
You know what I'm sayin'?
Welcome to the grand opening of the dirty dancers,  Brought to you in part by roc vodka,  You know what I'm sayin'.
It's j-roc and the roc pile up in this ma'fucker.
I'm gonna blow the roof up off this mac.
But first, make some noise for the lovely ass lolita.
Come on up, tighty.
She's gonna dance.
Yeah, first dirty dancer of the night.
Come on up, shorty.
She dropped by with a couple things to show ya.
T: come on y'all, make some noise!
Give it up!
And I'm like, give me some of that fried chicken,  You know what I'm sayin'?
Special dirty dancers are available for the gentlemen  With discerning taste  And the right pocket book, ya know what I mean?
Come on, ricky, are you gonna talk to me?
J-roc: make some noise for the lovely lolita.
Bubbles: oh fuck, I'm sorry, ricky, I gotta get in there.
Lolita's gonna take her clothes off,  She's got great big, dirty milkers.
Can you get the fucking camera away from me, please?
I'm not in the mood.
I'm fucking serious, I'll shoot you.
Get it the fuck away from me.
Bubbles: excuse me, excuse me!
Can I come up, j-roc?
J-roc: go ahead, you man!
Bubbles: lolita!
J-roc: just no touchin' boi.
Bubbles: I like your things there.
You look awesome.
Grinding on the thing there.
Sarah: here, gimme your money.
I can sell you roc vodka  Right here in the line up.
Hey, julian, lookin' good, buddy.
Is it ever.
This bar is gonna be the solution to all of our problems, boys. listen, ah,  What's your chances of getting in?
It's pretty rammed in there right now,  But there's a rooftop vip section that's not done,  It's a good place to get drunk though.
Lahey: nice.
Julian: help yourself to it.
Julian: it's on the house, buddy.
Oh, thanks, julian, I'm fine.
I'm not drinking tonight.
But randy wants to get drunk.
Yeah, I'll fuckin' drink it.
Julian: have a good time, guys.
Hey, I know this may not be the best time,  But I just wanted to let you know I really do love trinity.
Yeah, I know you do.
Is ricky gonna kill me?
I don't know, but I'd stay clear of him  Until I talk to him.
Thanks, jules.
Okay, okay, get back to work.
Jacob: all right.
J-roc: (rapping)
And you're a beautiful man, randy.
Bullshit, you don't even find me attractive anymore.
And that little thing, that's my lie detector test.
Lahey: well, randy, maybe you've been right all along.
Could be the liquor that's been letting us down.
That's just an excuse, mr.
You just find me fat and disgusting.
Lahey: randy, I have never found you fat and disgusting.
Take a little dance on that pole there  And prove it to me.
I'll show you.
What are you guys fighting about?
Randy: mr.
Lahey wants me to dance on the pole  So he can try to get his little pole going,  But he can't.
I'll prove it to you, julian.
Check this out, mr.
Lahey,  You want a dance on the pole, do you?
Oh, I'll give it.
Lahey: randy.
Is that gonna get it up, mr.
Come on, get it up!
Julian: fuck!
What the hell happened?
Is everybody okay?
J-roc: it's raining ma'fuckers!
Julian: holy fuck!
Bubbles: jesus murphy, somebody cover his package.
Lahey: (dazed groan)
Officer: well, well, well, this is quite a set up you got here  For just a house party, swayze.
Let me handle this, partner.
My good man, you know what I'm sayin',  You probably recognize me as an international recording artist.
Oh I recognize you, little jamie,  Grade 10 education.
No reported income for the last five years,  And the only claim to fame you've got,  As far as I could find, was finishing second place  In the international rope skipping championship  In boulder, colorado, in 1984.
Quite an accomplishment.
What was your speciality?
Double dutch?
T: fuck this guy.
J: t, I can handle this, dawg.
J-roc: you don knotts lookin' bitch!
T: j-roc! fuck, I know you ain't disrespecting me dawg.
That skipping shit cut me deep, dawg.
Officer: suck on this, blondie!
J-roc: oh my fuck, my eyes, man!
Officer: get him out of here.
J-roc: high-panted bitch!
Officer: I am gonna be watching you.
Is that right?
Oh yeah.
I'm gonna prove you wrong, big guy,  Because I can play this game a lot better than you.
Yeah, really.
You got something to say?
No, I was just admiring your pants, officer.
T, you can do it, dawg,  Just don't let roc pile hit rock bottom, you man.
T: man, I got you, dawg.
Roc pile member: don't worry, you heard us, fuck, keep your head up.
T: roc pile, let's go!
Show some respect!
Roc pile: roc pile all day, holla!
You know what it is!
Lahey: randy, come with me, I think I broke my back, bud.
Randy: I'm not coming with you.
I'm choosing the liquor for a change.
Lahey: randy, I love you, bud.
Randy: whatever.
Barb: oh my god.
What happened in here?
Randy and lahey went through the roof.
All in all, we had a pretty good night, but we're short.
Randy, you fucked up my ceiling,  You owe me 300 bucks.
Randy: I don't have that much.
Randy: I have 40 bucks, julian.
Julian: 40 dollars, bull fuckin' shit.
Randy: that's all I've got.
Barb: boys!
Donna: oh gentlemen, I have some money, randy, here.
No, donna, put your money away.
A man's got to be responsible to pay his own debts.
Well, how about if I buy those beautiful crafts for sale?
Barb: oh, oh that is so kind of you, donna.
Those are mine actually, but I didn't do them like that.
Who vandalized these, julian?
Welcome sluts?
Julian: cory.
Donna: oh, (laughs)
It's hilarious, I love it!
I'll put it in my kitchen.
How's four hundred sound, for the lot?
Oh my god, it's sounds amazing.
I feel awful taking that for those.
I don't.
Mission accomplished, partner. mission accomplished.
Want a drink?
Why not?
Five bucks.
I'm shittin' ya.
Bubbles: hey, ricky.
How ya doin,' bud?
Ricky: I'm not doing too fuckin' good, boys.
Julian: just so you know, rick,  Jacob's gonna make sure everything's cool, man.
He loves her, he told me so tonight.
Ricky: I know.
I mean, other than the fact that he's dumb,  He's a pretty good fuckin' guy, I guess.
That's not what I'm worried about.
Bubbles: what is it, then, ricky?
Ricky: old ricky's fuckin' stupid,  And jacob's even more fucking dumber.
I'm just worried that my fucking grandchild  Is gonna be really, really fucking dumb and stupid.
Ricky that's not true, and you're not dumb, bud.
Dumb is not the right word at all.
It's more...
Julian: it's okay, man.
Come on, I got ya.
Julian: get up, bud.
Bubbles: get up, ricky.
Bubbles: get your...
Get your legs under ya.
I don't know how to be a fuckin' granddad.
Yes you do, ricky, come on.
Think about it.
You just gotta think  Of how your dad was with trinity.
You know, remember all the stuff he used to teach her,  It's just life lessons kind of stuff.
Yeah, he did teach her a lot of stuff -  How to roll a cigarette with one hand;  How to iron a shirt with a flat rock and a barbecue,  That was a good one.
Well, I don't mean maybe those specific things,  I just mean ricky there's gonna be times when,  You know, you're just gonna know  That's something that you need to pass on to your grandchild.
I guess so.
Will you guys help me if I fuck up?
Julian: wrong end, bud.
Ricky: oh fuck!
Of course we'll help you, ricky.
We're your family.
You know, we'll all do this together.
We'll always have your back, bud.
Julian: jesus!
What should we do with him?
Bubbles: just...
Let's just let him go to sleep.
Ricky, get some sleep, bud, we've got a big day tomorrow.
You gotta help me in the morning.
I love you, buddy.
Julian: I love you, bud.
Hey, orangey, you wanna do some fuckin' shooters  And smoke some hash, buddy?
This fuckin' bottle's all done.
Wake the fuck up!
Ricky, get up!
Bubbles, fuck off!
I'm sleeping in today.
No, you're not.
You told me you were gonna help me put up  flyers for the grand opening of the Shed and Breakfast.
Get the fuck up.
Come on.
Get up.
All right, all right.
I'm up.
Why are your pants down?
I don't know.
Pull them up.
Get up.
You're sleeping out on the fucking ground with your pants down.
Okay Bubs but I gotta have a fucking quick little shower man.
I gotta wash my hair and my balls.
My cock's got barnacles growing on it.
It's been a fucking week.
Get your legs under ya.
Holy fuck.
Ah you finally passed out in the pool, did ya buddy?
Ah okay.
Looks like he's sleeping in too.
Don't wake him up, okay?
I'll wake him up in an hour when it's time to feed him.
We fucking partied last night.
Oh fuck yeah.
Gave him some shooters and some  bottle tokes.
We were both pretty fucked up, man.
Ricky, how many shooters did you give him?
Oh I don't know.
Five or six.
[CRASH] fuck!
Jesus Christ!
What is wrong with you?
All right.
I'm just gonna have a quick shower.
I'll be there.
Ricky, I'm just gonna take Orangie in to get him out of the sun.
Don't worry.
I won't wake him.
Ricky: Okay.
Be careful, Bubs.
[laboured breaths]  Ah I got really fucked up last night with Orangie,  because, I couldn't get things worked out in my head what  I'm gonna do about Jacob so when that happens  my brain says get drunk and high and maybe you'll work it all out  and I did and I still don't know what I'm gonna do with Jacob  but we got fucked up on hash tokes and shooters  and Orangie's pretty fucking tough.
Woke up this morning  with my fucking pants down and my hands on my cock,  thanks to Orangie.
Julian, wake the fuck up!
We got a  serious situation here.
We got one hour to rectify it.
What happened?
Ricky thinks he's sleeping in.
Oh come on.
He's not that dumb, is he?
Did you really just ask me that?
It's Ricky!
Let's go, Cory.
Good job.
Way to be ready.
There you go, bud.
Let's go.
All right.
Start the fucking car.
It's kind of wet.
No fucking talking.
Floor it, Cory. fucking floor it!
Julian, we have to replace this fish.
If Ricky finds out  Orangie's dead, he's gonna be crushed.
And he's gonna be fucking useless to us.
We can't let that happen, man.
Well considering the fact that he just  showered under a sunroof and he's got  a muffler exhaust drying his hair,  I'm pretty confident we can outsmart him.
Is that cooking spray?
Ricky, thinks it's called hair shellac. fuck off Bubs.
Some people actually think these things  work, you know.
Oh I know they do.
They're called crazy people.
Jacob: Hey Ricky, could I talk to you...
Jacob, not right now.
I cannot fucking talk to you.
I got a lotta things I gotta sort out in my fucking head  about all this shit.
How's Orangie doing, man?
I don't know, man.
His eyes are open but he's  still fucking sleeping.
It's weird.
All right.
Let's start from that end, work our way back.
Get this over with.
Okay, man.
Try to wake up soon little buddy.
I'm getting worried.
Bubbles: Okay here boys.
I thought you could start with those.
Holy fuck!
I'm just gonna head into the mall quickly  but I'll meet up with ya.
What are you talking about?
I thought we were putting  flyers up.
What the fuck do you need at the mall?
I was just gonna get us some egg rolls for lunch.
I'm not gonna go and put all these fucking flyers up on cars  while you go in shopping and fucking eating, having  a good time.
Send those dicks in.
All right.
Well here, Cory, Jacob, you guys head in  and get the egg rolls that we came here to get.
All right?
Make sure you get the kind we came  here to get.
(whispering) You boys go the fuck in the  mall, find a fish that looks just like Orangie.
Do not fuck this up.
Where do we go?
You go where they sell fish you fucking idiot.
Dude, I love egg rolls.
I'll just start down this end,boys.
Ricky: Okay Bubs.
You just stay sleeping there, Orangie.
Poor little cocksucker.
Lahey: Thanks for getting me out of bed for this, George.
They're putting flyers on cars.
I'm going home.
Jim, they're obviously up to something.
I suggest  you go down there and kinda bump into them, you know?
See if you can get in tighter, make them think you're their friend.
Oh, that'd be really great George.
They wouldn't suspect anything then.
George, a sting like this takes concentration and  patience and brains.
Something you, unfortunately  always lacked as a police officer.
Reverse distraction scenario.
Wherever Ricky and Julian  had Bubbles send those shit idiots, that's  where the real fucking action's going down.
Like shootin' shit fish in a shit barrel.
Ahh there's the beef and there's the fish.
Oh dude.
Look, man.
It's dead.
It's dead.
This doesn't seem right, Cory.
I didn't think they sold live fish here.
Yeah, they sell lobster and if you put your hand in the  tank they bite.
Trust me.
You're right.
Can I help you guys with something?
Yeah, dude.
I need a goldfish like that big.
It's gotta be alive.
You serious?
Man, I don't know why Cory's in charge of me.
Since Julian is in charge of Ricky, I should be in  charge of Cory, right?
'Cause Julian's smarter  than Ricky so I must be smarter than Cory.
Man, we don't even sell live fish, let alone goldfish.
Jacob: fuck!
Generally people don't eat them.
Well what about lobster?
Well lobster's a different story but we don't have any goldfish.
Cory: Yo.
Fish sticks!
I should be in charge of Cory.
I know you think Jacob's a fuck head and he's really  stupid but he's actually a pretty good guy you know.
Julian, I can't get it wrapped all around my  fucking head.
I'm gonna be related to Jacob.
That's fucked!
[laughing] That's not how it works, man.
You're not gonna be related to him like that.
Well I don't know how any of this shit works.
You know what?
We could be making  a shit ton of money in this parking lot today.
What are you talking about?
Breaking into cars?
What about the V-Team and all the Bubbles stuff?
Does Bubbles have to know about it?
You're serious.
Look at this.
Holy fuck!
Right fucking on Julian.
I haven't broken  into cars in a long time.
Julian: Let's go.
Ricky: Let's go get my Slim Jims and fucking  garbage bags, do this right.
What the fuck is that?
Just take it, take it, take it.
Breaking into cars at the mall is fucking  awesome and one of the best ways to do it is pretend you're  putting flyers under people's window shield wipers and  basically walk right up to the cars, see if there's anything  inside worth taking.
If the cops show up  you've got the perfect excuse.
It's fucking sweet. fuck I miss this, Julian.
I forgot how much fun this is!
All my colours fucked up!
Yellow, white, red, blue&  [Cory and Jacob talking as they approach]  Bubbles: I need a fucking orange in here.
Cory: I was right.
That guy was full of shit.
Bubbles: Boys.
Where's the fish?
Bad news, dude.
They don't sell any live fish.
They're all frozen.
No lobsters either.
Did you fucking idiots go to the grocery store?
Cory: Yeah.
They sell fish.
Jacob: And lobsters usually.
Are you two dick pinchers huffing fucking glue?
Boys, the pet store.
How about that for an idea?
Ah dude.
I think the pet store only sells cats and dogs.
I'm pretty sure.
Jacob: And lizards.
Anyway, we'll go to the pet store now.
Just don't  tell Ricky we fucked up, all right?
Don't tell Julian either.
That's good, man.
Jacob: Yeah.
Bubbles: Un-fucking-believable.
Get the fuck to the pet store!
Hurry up before it's feeding time!
Cory: What if they're frozen?
They're not gonna be frozen!
Calm down, Bubbles.
Deep breaths.
[deep breath]  This whole trying to find a goldfish to replace  Orangie thing is fucking pissing me off.
I should be out putting flyers up for my Shed and  Breakfast.
Look at this.
Grand opening.
I got half price on  kitty daycare coupons, all you can eat pancake breakfast  coupons.
This is gonna bring the customers in  and I don't have time to put them out.
It's pissing me off!
Get the fuck out of there, you fucking asshole!
Would you calm the fuck down?
This is still illegal you know.
A baby seat?
You gotta steal shit that's worth some money.
I'm trying to get some stuff for Trinity and my grandchild.
Do you think Jacob, that twiggy fucking alien's gonna  get any of this stuff for her?
Just a second.
You didn't unbuckle it.
Well I probably loosened it at least.
Just a second, man.
There's a stuffed animal in there.
Julian: [sigh] Come on.
That's enough.
I'm serious.
Not a fucking word to Bubbles about any of this.
Dude, I don't know.
That looks way too small.
It's close enough.
I wonder why they call them goldfish  though when they're orange.
I don't get it.
Yeah it's ridiculous dude.
Excuse me!
Thanks dude.
Thanks man.
Mission accomplished.
Nice work buddy.
Dude, let's get some egg rolls.
We nailed it.
Ricky: It's a pretty good haul, man.
Trinity's gonna love that baby seat.
Rick, why would you take something like that?
Who the fuck is Naynay?
It might be something good.
[To Police] How's it going? fuck off.
Will you please wake the fuck up!
Bubbles: Ricky.
Just hang on.
You don't wanna jostle him awake like that.
He'll be grumpy the rest of the day.
I've just never seen him crash this hard.
I'm just worried there's something wrong with him.
He's sick or something?
Like he's never slept this fucking long.
Oh Ricky, think how much liquor he had, you know?
His little liver's probably no bigger than a sesame seed.
He's probably just really hung over.
I don't know boys.
There's probably some  medicine people there at the dentist-try.
I'd rather  get a fucking doctor to look at him or something.
Ricky, I'm sure he's fine.
What if he's not?
If anything happens  to him I'm not sure what I'd do, boys.
I fucking love him.
Julian, we can probably get somebody at the  medicine place to look at him for Ricky, couldn't we?
[mouthing words to each other]  Egg rolls.
Maybe we should take the goldfish back first.
Or maybe we get the goldfish and egg rolls,  then everyone will be proud of us, dude.
We're in there.
Yeah, good call.
Let's go.
Randy: Mr.
How's it going, bud?
Let me give you a lift back to the park.
No, I'm good Mr.
I wouldn't mind having a coffee and waiting  around for a little while for you, bud.
No, I'll head back with Don when we're all done.
We still have to go underwear shopping.
Ricky: He's got a weird smell coming off him, Bubbles.
Bubbles: He probably just& he's probably just sweating, Ricky.
Fish sweat?
Yeah, they sweat when they're sleeping.
With all the bullshit that's going on right now,  the last thing that we should be dealing with  is Ricky's dead fucking goldfish.
We should just tell him he's dead.
We're not telling him he's dead.
He doesn't know anything  about death.
He doesn't understand that type of  stuff.
Do you want him that distracted when we're trying  to buy the park?
Play along.
Julian: All right.
Just go take a seat, boys.
Can I help you?
(hushed tone) I hope so.
My best friend over there with the goldfish?
He's mentally unstable and he's off his meds.
The other  guy with the glasses?
That's his counselor.
He's trying  to get him out of here before he starts freaking  out.
So I need you to do me a favour.
Can you go over  and check his fish out, see, you know, tell him it's fine,  that it's just sick and it's sleeping.
Then we'll get him back to the institution.
He's having a  rough time.
His, his mother left him that fish before she  died so...
My God.
What a sin.
You know I'm not a doctor.
Do you think he's gonna believe me?
Well he thinks his fish is hung over and just sleeping... so yeah.
Thank you.
Ricky: Wake the fuck up.
You're okay.
Hi there.
You have some concerns about your little friend?
I mean I know you're a peoples doctor.
I was just wondering if you could have a look at  him.
He just, he won't fucking wake up.
I'm getting worried.
He's definitely in a very deep sleep,  [sigh] but he's alive.
Thank Santa's tits.
Yeah Ricky.
He's all right, buddy.
Did, uh, he have a rough  night by chance?
It wasn't that rough a night.
I mean  he did some shooters and four or five bottle tokes,  but that was over like six hours so.
I see.
Well I'd recommend he stay off the booze and the drugs.
For how long?
Two to six weeks.
Oh fuck.
Sorry little buddy.
That sucks!
Just let him sleep it off.
He'll be fine.
Ah doc.
I owe you big time.
Here's a couple ten gram  hash coins.
You're gonna be fine, little buddy.
Thank you.
Ricky: We'll have you back on the booze and the hash and...
Thank you.
Sorry about those.
You want me to take those back for you?
All right.
Thank you.
Bubbles: Just let him come out of his sleep slowly, Ricky.
You don't want to jar him awake.
Bartender: Can I help you?
Uh yeah.
Ten egg rolls please.
Two minutes.
Dude, these look way more like Orangie than what we got.
What should we do?
We gotta take one of these.
I don't know man.
Just cover me, dude.
It'll be no problem.
I do this  all the time.
They're really slippery.
I know.
Hold on.
Look I got, I got one.
Look at that.
It's just like Orangie.
Bartender: Hey!
What do you think you're doing?
Uh nothing.
It's him.
[finger crunch] Ah!
What are you doing, girl?
[choking] Dude.
She punched me in the throat.
Bartender [on phone]: This is Ho Phuck restaurant.
We're being robbed!
Cory: Dude, let's go.
She called the cops!
I think she broke my wrist!
Oh my god.
She's coming.
Go dude.
Subjects are on the move, George.
Coming out the front!
Ricky: Trying to make my fucking heart attack?
Just let him sleep, Ricky.
Don't wake him up.
[POLICE SIREN] Woop!
Julian: God damn it.
Bubbles: What the fuck is this?
Are you gonna make everything magically go away  with your fucking power of Eternia?
Put that away and  let me do the talking.
What did you guys do?
Broke into a few cars.
It's not a big deal.
We'll say you had nothing to do with it.
I've been with you all day.
That means I did have  something to fucking do with it.
[crying] I can't believe  you guys broke up the V-Team.
I'm sorry Bubbles.
I just grabbed a few things for my grandchild! fuck off Ricky.
Police: Freeze!
Down on the ground!
Bubbles: We're not resisting.
Cory: Ah, ah.
Just don't, don't say anything.
Julian: Come on.
Let's go.
Ricky: Come on boys.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Officer: Back off George.
Let the real cops handle this.
George: [sigh] Come on guys.
Julian: I'm sorry we broke into cars.
It's the only thing  I could do to distract him from the Orangie bullshit.
Well you have to fucking&. it's too dangerous  and too stressful to keep things from me.
I got a skid mark in my underwear now.
Lahey: I want you to fire him, Randy.
I'm not going to fire him.
Well do you love him?
Mr. Lahey, there is absolutely nothing wrong  with two good-looking coworkers going for a  pedicure on their lunch break.
There's no way I want you hanging around with him  outside of working hours and it's that simple.
It's not gonna happen.
I'm getting sick of this jealousy  bullshit.
I'm sleeping on the couch tonight.
Go ahead.
Sleep on the goddamn couch.
See if I care.
I hope he breaks your heart.
The burgers are fine!
Nice and juicy, just the way I like 'em!
Hey Trin.
Congratulations sweetie.
You're not angry?
No, I'm not angry.
I'm just feeling, I don't even know,  just worried I guess.
I mean Jacob's gonna have to step  up to the plate now and I don't know if he's gonna  be able to, that's all.
I got you some great stuff.
This is awesome!
It's the least I can do.
I'm you're father.
We're gonna figure all this out.
I promise.
I love you.
I love you too.
Rick, I love the way that you're handling all this.
It's, it's really cool.
George: What the hell's going on here?
Calm down frog tits.
I'm just dropping some stuff off for my daughter.
Must have been a big sale at the mall today was there, Rick?
There, yeah, there was actually, yeah.
There was.
Well see you soon guys.
I love you sweetie.
Thanks for not selling me under the bus  in there George.
I really apprecialate it.
No problem, Rick.
I don't see any  reason why we can't at least get along here.
Good haul Jules.
We can unload shit like this anytime.
You really need to consider me, you and J teaming up.
I'll talk to him when he gets out of jail, man.
Yeah, but he could be locked up for a while  and I'm in charge of the business till he  gets out so talk to me.
I mean you got other things  you could be doing besides running this place.
Think about it.
Ricky: Hey Bubs.
Are you in there?
Just give me a second Ricky.
Come on Orangie 2-point-0.
Need something done right  you fucking do it yourself.
Ricky: How's Orangie doing?
Did he wake up yet?
He woke up.
He's doing great!
Thank God!
How are ya?
That's weird though,  He looks a little bit smaller.
Uhhh& Well yeah Ricky.
That's totally normal.
When fish sleep that long they slim right down.
I didn't fucking know that.
Julian: Hey boys.
Barb dropped these off for you guys  earlier.
She thought it'd be a good idea if we each had one.
Oh wow!
Our own super power crystals!
Julian, you're not actually buying into this fucking  mystical horse shit, are ya?
I'm maintaining the peace.
Just wear them boys,  Please?
It'll be nice, okay?
She'll be happy.
That's what she needs now.
You banging her's not making her happy enough?
I'm not banging her.
We're just friends.
She's actually a nice lady.
[decisively] You're banging her.
No, I'm not.
Bubbles: Banging her.
Ricky: Yep.
Anyway, you guys want to get high?
Where's Cory and Jacob?
We need some fucking joints rolled.
They're in jail until they can see the judge, Ricky.
[chuckling] Those fucking idiots.
Guys, I've got a shit ton of booze in my bar.
Your Grand Opening's happening soon.
Let's fucking celebrate.
I'll get some hash and honey oil.
Bubbles: All right.
I'll whip up some meat sandwiches.
Ricky: I know the doctor said to stay off the booze  and the drugs, but you look fine to me  little buddy.
Doctors are fucking dumb sometimes.
We are getting fucked up tonight, Orangie.
[whispering] How many Orangies do you have?
I'll get one on fucking standby.
Jesus H Christ, it looks like you're infested too  Wayne Newton.
Sorry little buddy.
Bubbles: You're  gonna have to just hang in there until I can get back  with the proper crab shampoo.
You dirty little pinchy bastards.
Crabs are the dirtiest little crustaceous  fuckin' cock inhabitants on the face of  the planet and there's no way I'm letting them get on my bird.
They latch right on to your package with their dirty  little pinchy cock claws.
They start fuckin' hatching eggs, it's terrifying!
Well I went online  and I calculated I need about twenty-two bottles of crab  shampoo to get rid of the infestation on my kitties,  twenty-two fucking bottles!
Do you know how embarrassing  that's going to be to us for twenty-two bottles of crab  shampoo?
I'll tell ya, VERY EMBARRASSING!!!!
Can I help you sir?
Yeah I notice you don't have the  medicated shampoo on the shelves?
Dandruff shampoo's in aisle seven sir.
Oh it's not for dandruff.
No it's more down ...this region.
Just a moment sir.
Tweece would you call please I have  a customer with crabs and needs some "Crab Out".
Would you like the big bottle or the little sir?
Um twenty-two of the...
Hey it smells like you fumigated the place Julie.
Yeah I did this morning so hopefully if all goes  well I'll be reopened by the weekend.
That's the spirit Julian.
I knew a bunch of pesky little  dirty old crabs couldn't defeat the mighty Julian.
So what's going on?
Well I thought I should swing by  and let you know that Sam and Cyrus  dropped my place and gave me twenty-two hundred  dollars on the downpayment only one percent.
And you accepted it?
Yeah, I had to Julian they threatened me!
I guess they want to be my friend more than you?
They don't give a fuck about you.
I wish we were friends, Julian.
We are!
I don't have twenty-two hundred bucks.
(Chuckling) It's just money Julian.
(Quietly) It's just money.
I'm a surprise kind of guy.
I like personal gifts.
Use your imagination, Julian.
I think a guy like you  could think of something special that would appeal to  old Jim Lahey. something more say twenty-two hundred  bucks.
I hope to see you later tonight bud. fuck sakes.
I'll let myself out.
Ricky: Come on guys we're not going  to win any fucking games like this.
You gotta pass it  harder, a little bit faster.
Lucy: Trin, let's go.
Trinity: What's wrong?
What kind of Father lets his daughter be around  a crab infestation?
You might think that it's okay  to bang whoever you want to and not  give a shit about what you pick up but it's disgusting.
I had nothing to do with those crabs that was  Julian's thing and I wasn't around any of those fucking  people.
Here if you don't believe me check me out, see  any crabs down there?
So you're not banging anybody?
There's actually only one person in this world that I want to  bang but unfortunately she's being banged by  somebody else.
How is mall cock?
George works night and he works day and I'm left  basically to entertain myself.
Hmm that sounds like fun.
Darren, [whistle] what the hell are you guys doing, okay?
You don't do it you gotta try to tie up his jersey  with one hand like this, hit him in the face a couple of  times, okay?
After that try to pull a jersey right  up over his head and feed him right in the fucking head  with upper cuts.
You don't take him to the ground  that's what pussies do.
Try it again.
Okay George is working later so maybe I'll pop by.
Are you serious?
Yeah maybe.
Trinity: I'm going to stay for a bit, okay?
Lucy: Right.
See you later.
Ricky: I hope so.
They almost done in there?
Photographer: 'Kay, ready?
Come on down to Sunnyvale  Trailer Park to the "Dirty Dancer" where the rock  vodka's on tap and you can have these girls twerking on  your lap, twenty-five dollar combo and all dancers are  crab free guaranteed.
Photographer: Okay CUT! um, T that was good but you guys it's an Internet commercial  so I need you to like get your boobs out and make out  or something.
Here I'll show you.
Julian: T...when do you think you  can get this commercial online man?
We gotta fuckin' open.
We can get it as soon as you want man but  Mister Green just picked another crab off himself.
Are you fucking kidding me.
Ah all right, we're  not open inside obviously for fuck SAKES!!!
T: Yo, you all right man?
Julian: Yeah I just got...I  need help with somethin' but yeah I'll...
I'll figure it  out, just keep doing what you're doing  it's looking good man, all right?
Okay that is much better you guys.
Okay, Tyrone, get right in there.
You guys, get up on Tyrone.
Tyrone, get right under.
Don't be shy.
Try it again from the top.
Lahey: Randy I'm coming in.
You were shaving your ball sack, weren't ya?
Jim Lahey:  You caught crabs at Julian the other night, didn't you Randy?
Stop acting like a pig!
You want the truth?
Yeah, I think I deserve it.
I told ya I've got needs and  you haven't been able to fulfill them...
...so I got really drunk and really horny  and I had sex with a woman.
Was it really dirty and did I enjoy myself?
Do I feel like shit right now?
Am I going to get friggin' drunk?
BIG TIME!!!!
Trinity: Do you hate Jacob, Dad?
Ricky: No I don't hate him  I mean... first I didn't really know what to think 'cuz well he's kinda  fuckin' weird and he's got a brain like Trevor's and I was  just worried my little girl's going to end up with a guy  that would never be a man.
But then he went to jail and  he didn't cry and it made me kinda think like fuck, wow  maybe this guy could be a man so,  do you understand what I'm trying to say?
Yeah, thanks Dad.
I love you.
I love you too pumpkin.
Trinity: Hey Julian.
Julian: Hey Trin.
Wow, this place is incredible man.
It's a good thing you're doing buddy.
Yeah it's going to be good for the kids and  help keep me busy during my retirement.
Yeah retirement.
Don't you miss all the crazy shit we used to do?
Of course I do.
Good 'cuz I need you to do a job with me  and the only person that can help me out.
I can't be doing jobs anymore.
I don't need to, 'm retired.
But this is an easy job!
All we gotta do is steal something worth around  two grand to chill Lahey out.
I'm sorry man but I can't  I'm going to be a fuckin' Grandad now.
Do you want your Grandchild to grow up in Sunnyvale?
Of course I fucking do.
Okay well if you don't help me out he's  not going to be able to, and you think about that man.
Okay fine, I'll fuckin' help you out  but one condition...
Me and you are going to get high  as fuck all day like we used to.
Not a fuckin' problem.
All right, deal.
Got enough joints there buddy?
Gettin' there.
Julian: (inhaling) Holy shit this honey oil's insane man.
Ricky: (Slurring) No fuckin'  kidding it's like pure THC liquid from the fuckin' heavens.
< Laughing >  Ricky: It's the marshmelon man.
Bubbles: Ah yeah, laugh it up boys.
Laugh it up, must be  nice to sit out here and not have to deal with goddamn  dirty cock crustaceans.
Ricky: Holy fuck man, chill.
Here have a toke of this honey oil, it's fucking  awesome!
Julian: It's really good man.
Bubbles: So you three are just sitting out here  gettin' baked are you?
Well guess what?
Julian: Guess what?
Bubbles: What?
Julian: No, what do you want us to guess?
Ricky: What?
Julian: (Chuckling) What happened there?
Bubbles: Holy fuck you guys are baked.
This is guess what, somebody's got to drive me  to the laundrymat to wash these dirty little  fuckers off my sheets, now let's go.
Julian: Bubs we're way too busy today man.
Ricky: Yeah man way too fuckin' high (chuckles).
Bubbles: Oh yeah?
How 'bout I dump the fucking things...
Ricky: fuck off!
Julian: Oh no, no, no fuck off! fuck off Bubs!
Bubbles: Get the fuck up.
Julian: Throw your dirty crab bag into Ricky's trunk.
Ricky: I'm not taking my fuckin' car.
Julian: Rick, your car has three doors, it's easier man.
Ricky: Here you stay here little buddy.
Julian: How do you fuckin' function like this every day, Rick?
Ricky: It's fun, isn't it?
Ricky: YOU MAKE SURE THAT fucking BAG'S GOOD AND TIED  UP THERE BUBBLES!!!
Bubbles: You make sure you fuck OFF Ricky, how 'bout that?
Bubbles: Okay boys now that you're both  good AND fucking HIGH I need you to go on  a little mission for me.
Bear, I need you to go to the  pharmacy and get me twenty-two bottles of  medicated crab shampoo.
Julian: (Laughing) Twenty-two bottles, are you fucking kidding me?
Bubbles: That's how much it's going to take  and you can tease me and make fun of me  or you can put on this suit and take the dirty  old sheets and go wash them yourself it's your choice.
Ricky: Holy fuck man, calm down.
Look I had nothing to  do with this but I'll make you a fucking deal.
We'll get  your crab shampoo as long as you promise to take a big  fucking hit off of this bong and get in a  fucking better mood with us.
Bubbles: I don't want to haul off that and I don't want to get  in a better fucking mood.
Julian: Be a hell of a lot more fun watching shit go around and  around baked Bubs, come on man don't be a grumpy fuck.
Bubbles: [sigh]
All right.
One hit, is this the strong stuff?
Julian: No man (Chuckling).
Ricky: Good luck buddy.
Bubbles: (Spitting) Jesus  Julian: He just spit in your car.
Ricky: Hey man...
Bubbles: Ha, ha, ha, did I?
Ricky: Don't spit on...don't spit on my car.
Ha, ha, ha screwdriver.
(chuckles)  Okay, focus Bubbles.
Focus, you gotta job to do here.
Focus, stay focused.
Julian: What the fuck is he doing?
Ricky: He's fucked up.
Bubbles: Boys, what was i doing?
Ricky: Laundry [laughs]
Bubbles: [laughs]
Laundry's hilarious.
Put your clothes in a machine [laughs]
What the fuck are we supposed to do?
Um...we've got to get twenty-two  bottles of crab shampoo [laughing]
Oh yeah.
Holy fuck!
Randy: Hey Don!
Ah hey!
You've made love recently.
You dirty fucker.
You and Mister Lahey finally worked things out.
No we didn't actually.
Oh no?
Got really drunk and had sexual intercourse with a woman.
Oh ho ho, who's the lucky punta?
I'd rather not say.
Don: Ah!
Randy: The worse thing is is I caught crabs.
'Cuz you and  I work so closely together I'd advise you to check  yourself out and fumigate your trailer immediately.
Don: Crap it all Randall I certainly can't harm a  creature of this world.
Randy: But the friggen things  spread like crazy!
I had to shave my whole region.
Don:  I'll simply just meditate them away again!
Randy:  You've had 'em before?
Don: Yes, many times!
Randall I've  been with plenty of women in this world and there's always  a chance of picking up a few of the unwanted hitchhikers  of love.
Remember to sift throughth sand next time  before you dive into the dewiness, ha ha.
J-Roc: T, you know what I'm sayin' I didn't work for months  to make Roc Bocca a premium brand just to have you take  it down a notch with one video upload with crabs in it dog.
T: We're trying to reopen the bird.
I mean we gotta move some roc.
Dog you gotta raise the bar,  you know what I'm sayin'?
It's a premium brand.
Ain't nobody interested in crabs 'less you opening  a seafood shack bitch!
Look...look I know.
Nobody wants crotch critters on their shit.
Yeah I figure, my bad, my bad.
But shit's been crazy since you  got locked up and I can't roll up here  every day looking for approval and shit.
You think shit's crazy where you at?
Try being up in herr, you know what I'm sayin'? shit crazy. motherfuckers pushing up on me,  you know what I'm sayin'?
I'm hard, but I'm  just worried 'cuz other motherfuckers  are even more hard if you know what I'm saying.
You hard, you just hold your head up  and hold tight.
Hey T... come here you meh.
Good to see you boi.
Bubbles: All right you pinchy little bastards.
It's the end of the line for you guys.
Oh no!
Oh my god!
(Whispering) Oh my god, oh my  god don't panic Bubbles, don't panic.
Do not panic!
Oh  my god the suit... oh, OH it's stuck!
IT'S STUCK!!!
OH, OH,  OH MY GOD!!!
Oh I can feel...
Oh my god!
HELP ME GET  NAKED!!
HELP ME GET NAKED!!
THEY'RE GOING FOR MY BIRD!!! they're going for my bird!!!
Julian: No man, I'm baked out of my mind,  I'm...I'm too baked!
I can't even fucking  think about what we get Lahey.
What about a new stove man?
One of those ones ,you know, the nice ones with  the glassy tops, he'd fucking love that.
Sam and Cyrus gave him twenty-two hundred bucks,  you want to get a glassy top stove?
It was just a thuck.
All right man,  you go get the shit, I'm waiting here.
No, no, no.
I had nothing to do  with the fucking crabs.
I'm not going in there  to buy that shit.
What if Lucy saw me?
Lucy's banging George, That's fucking disgusting.
Julian, they say beauty is in the eye when you hold her.
I still love her and I'm not fucking going  in there to buy that shit, fuck THAT!!!
Fine, I'm too big to do this shit man.
You've changed Julian.
Shut up man no I haven't.
Tooth...toothpaste and it's...
It's not toothpaste. julian: [whispers]
Ricky: fuck you clouds...
Julian: I fucked up.
You need to go in there and get it.
Ricky: I told you, I can't be seen buying that shit!
Julian: Well here put this on and say you got bad allergies or somethin'.
Ricky: No!
Julian: Listen your the one that promised Bubbles, not me.
Ricky: Jesus Christ, fine.
If I'm going to do this I'm fuckin' doing it my way.
Julian: What are you doing?
Ricky: I'll be right back.
I'M NOT HERE TO HURT ANYBODY, I WANT SOME  fucking CRAB SHAMPOO AND SOME OF THOSE  PILLS THAT HELP MAKE YOUR FENIS GET BIGGER!!!
Male Pharmacist: (Stuttering) Fen...fenis?
AH fuck WHAT KIND OF PEOPLE'S DOCTOR ARE YOU?
DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT A FENIS IS.
MOVE, MOVE.
HURRY THE fuck UP QUINCY.
Here's your... box of shampoo.
And your pills to make your fenis get bigger.
Look we understand if you're embarrassed to buy this stuff,  lots of people are, just don't hurt us.
Ricky: Embarrassed?
I don't get embarrassed.
The shampoo's for my friends and the pills are for my fucking  daughter you labcoat dummy.
Just take that.
Ricky: Don't fucking move.
Ricky: COPS!!
Julian: Get us outta here!
Ricky: What the fuck?
I guess it wasn't for us.
Bubbles: You shouldn't touch me 'cuz you're  going to get things on ya.
You're gonna  regret it!
I'm telling ya they're going to be  crawlin' all over ya.
For fuck sakes!
Ricky: The hot tub, gold and silvery banjo,  a fucking outdoor crookie tooker, I don't fucking know.
Crookie tooker?
Let's just go to Lahey's, ask him  what he wants and we'll go and get it.
We can't man, he wants it to be a fucking surprise.
Well we can't go do a job right now with Bubbles with us... so what the fuck are we going to do?
Well we'll have to take him home  and come back out and I'm NOT  smoking anymore of your dope.
Yes you are that was the deal.
Ricky: Hey Gary! fuck off.
Julian: How'd it go buddy?
Bubbles: How'd it go ah let me see...oh  I got sentenced to community service, indecent exposure,  resisting arrest and under the influence  of narcotics.
They thought I was on bath salts when  I stripped down other than that, great!
Julian: So what kind of community service they give ya?
Oh I gotta go to a school and tell little kids  the dangers of using drugs and you guys are comin' with me believe me.
Ricky: fuck that I'm not doing that shit man.
On a good boat we got your crab shampoo it's in the back.
Bubbles: I hope the fuck you stoned bastards got  the right stuff.
Where is it?
Holy fuck boys...I didn't need the great  big jugs that's awesome though!
Really be able  to do some damage with that.
Ricky: Yeah it was ah it was on sale.
What's all this other stuff?
Ricky: Oh I picked up some pills to  help Trinny's fenis get growing better.
Bubbles: Her what?
Ricky: The fenis that's what they call the baby  when it's in the stomach before it gets born.
Ricky these are penis pills!
That's  like five thousand dollars worth of cock stiffners there!
Those pharmetry fucking idiots!
Bubbles: Oh wait a second, so that means  you stole the fucking stuff too!
Oh my god boys get me  the fuck home right now before I end up back in there  because of you two!
You just saved the day buddy.
By fuckin' up (chuckles).
Bubbles: Fenis pills.
Hey Jim.
Is that for me?
Sure is buddy.
Come on in.
Why would I need all these?
Has Randy been spreading rumours about me?
Oh fuck no.
I overheard you guys talking about  your little situation the other night just  before you fell through the roof of the bar.
Oh...I don't know what to say.
I'm not going to tell anyone.
I don't care if your dick doesn't work man.
All I care about is you and Randy.
I want to help you guys out because... that's what friends do for friends, Jim.
We're friends?
Of course we are.
Isn't it better this way?
Just so you know no matter how much  liquor you got in ya those pills will always work.
Yeah, I've tried 'em a few times...just  between you and I, you know.
I want to thank you very much Julian  and this goes a long, long way with me.
So you're happy?
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Why don't you take one of those pills  and go find Randy.
Have some fun man.
You look like shit Jimmy.
I gotta go man.
All right cheers buddy!
Lucy: Hey Rick.
Ricky: What brings you to this dick of the woods?
Lucy: Well George is working tonight  and Trin's got a date with Jacob so i thought  that I would pop by.
I was just thinking about you guys.
Aw, I love that picture of us.
Me too.
That's sweet that you were thinking about  us and I was thinking about you and...
I always think about you.
So what do you think about exactly?
Well I was kinda thinking that since you're with George  and you're probably not getting banged, right?
And  I'm not with anybody and don't really want to bang anybody  but you then maybe we can become friends with the benedicts.
Who are the Benedicts?
You know those people you become  friends with if you wanna bang each  other with no things attached, friends with the benedicts.
Right...are you sure you want to be friends with the benedicts?
Oh it might be good for Trinity and the Grandchild.
I mean we're going to be fucking Grandparents  Luce, can you believe it?
So tell me Grandpa do you ah remember what  it is that Grandma loves?
You're fuckin' right I do.
Barb: Oh hey Julian!
Hey, how ya doin'?
Good oh I'm so glad you could come for a drink  I know how busy you are these days.
Hey we're partners.
Wow, these the crystals  you got on your little trip?
Yeah they are and they have amazing properties,  I'm going to tell you all about them but first  I... need your advice on something.
Now I ah don't laugh okay?
But I decided to try my luck in  online dating.
Well I haven't had a whole lot of success with  men as you know so I've been...
I've been looking through...
Barb, don't do that.
But ah Julian I don't want to be alone.
Yeah but if you end up with a fucking dickhead then you're just  missing out on a opportunity to find that special guy that,  you know, is going to love you for who you are!
Some guy that likes crystals.
Some guy that  thinks you're the best fucking person in the world.
You deserve the best like don't fucking settle  for anything but the best 'cuz you fucking deserve it.
You're right.
You are absolutely  right.
I do deserve the fucking best.
Damn right.
And I won't settle I will wait for it to  come to me.
It might take a little time but...
Hey, what's time?
Want to get high?
Ha, you kidding me?
No, I do once in a blue moon.
I tried it again at the retreat it was  all about consciousness raising.
Sarah gave it to me it's... it's ah Ricky's honey oil.
Come on, fire up. fuck it.
Are you sure you don't want me to put some  sunscreen on you Don?
No Randall, I'll be fine.
Well you should put on SPF 30.
UV rays can be really harmful  to your skin.
I even moisturize every day.
I put on,  like, vitamin E lotion and Aloe that's why my skin's so...
Da da dada da dada da.
Good morning gentlemen, Donny how are you?
Hey Randy bo bandy,  isn't it a great day to be alive?!!
Ha ha!
What's going on down there Mister Lahey?
Oh I just thought I'd go out for a morning stroll Randers!
Just how would you feel about taking the day off Randy and we'll have a little talk?
What do you think bud?
I don't know Mister Lahey.
Don't be silly Randy!
It's a sign from the gods!
You have to fulfill your darkest, deepest desires.
Yes, ride the fuckin' pony.
Let's talk then Mister Lahey.
All right!
Thanks Don.
Hee hee!
Isn't it magnificent, look ah ha ha hee hee!
Come on Randers!!
I've got a bone for you man.
Oh hey there boys, check these guys out.
Ha ha!
Bwah, taco my balls, bwah!
Is this what you want little buddy?
Come down here, you know you love to eat fucking weed!
Bwah, Taco likes weed!
If we're going to make enough money to  save the park on time we gotta start doing  more jobs together, it's as simple as that man.
Well it's going to be pretty fucking hard to do that  without Bubbles knowin'.
Suck my ball!
Hey boys, what's going on?
Look who fucking showed up Bubs.
Suck my cock, bah!
What the fuck's he doing there?
Bah, taco likes weed.
You guys ready to go?
Let's go!
Go where?
My community service thing.
You said you'd fucking help me with it, it's today.
Bubs we can't do that today we got way too much shit to  do man.
Lick my tank!
Oh is that right Julian?
Too much  shit!
Let's fucking have a recap of what happened here.
Why did I get community service in the first place?
Oh yeah I remember, 'cuz you rented out my sheds  to a bunch of filthy fucking hookers who had crabs...
...who then got on my bird and on my kitties and I  freaked out in fucking public, pulled my pants down  on your crazy fucking honey oil and exposed myself  screaming like i was on bath salts...
Who's fault was that?
Yours and yours, get the fuck in the car.
We should at least get Taco down and take him back to Coconut.
There's no time Ricky, let's go.
This fucking sucks.
Well can't we at least get drunk and high and go and do this?
No we're not getting drunk and high we're going to tell  kids not to get drunk and high! fuck I hate kids.
I can't tell kids that drugs and liquor are bad I fucking  love drugs and liquor.
I started smoking dope and  drinking in grade three for fuck sakes.
Well Ricky that's what the fucking judge said we had to do  and we're doing it!
END OF DISCUSSION!!
Why puppets though man?
I fucking hate puppets!
Because Julian I get nervous in front of crowds and that's the only  way I can do it, there's going to be like fifty kids  there!
Randy, come on please Randy...
It's going  to be nervewracking.
Hey, look I wrote up  little script you guys can use.
It'll be easy.
Lahey: I still am really very much attracted to you, I swear.
Randy: Maybe you are and maybe you aren't but I can't tell 'cuz  of your STUPID PILLS!!
When Mister Lahey showed up I was really  excited.
I thought our problems were finally  over but when we got back to the trailer I saw on the  table a great big box of penis hardening pills.
I don't want a friggen pharmaceutical boner,  I want a boner made from love.
Would you get your erect cock out of my way please.
Hi Julian.
Jesus Christ!
He's walking around with a boner!
House coat wide open, great big dirty piss boner.
Anybody got an extra smoke?
What's fucking wrong with kids, you guys don't smoke anymore?
Who's got a smoke?
Come on.
Thanks bud.
There you go.
Actually here, thanks.
Bubbles: Ricky?
Ricky: Do you want a smoke? fuck off.
Did you take the little guy's smokes?
Not all of 'em.
We're here to tell them not  to be doing drugs and liquor, you're fucking  bumming cigarettes off kids!
It's not a drug Bubs.
YES IT IS!!
Bubbles: Ricky!
Principal Duggan: Gentlemen, nice to see you.
How's it going?
You must be the criminals, I'm Principal Duggan.
Hi Principal Duggan, nice to meet you sir.
I'm so glad you boys are here today.
We got some pretty bad apples at this school but I think  after listening to real life criminals like yourselves  it'll do them a world of good.
Right on man.
What was it you did again?
Whipped your junk out  in public or some shit?
No, no I just I thought I had crabs on my thing  down there and I just panicked.
It was just  a misunderstanding.
Yeah him and I actually have nothing to do with this,  it's his thing ,you know, he did it.
Makes no difference I don't judge.
Gym's  right through there, Steve here will get you set up  with your microphones.
I'm gonna go round up the kids.
Fifteen minutes.
'Kay thank you Principal Duggan.
Yeah Oh I'm a big fan of those scared straight prison  kind of shows that you see on TV so feel free to get a  little crazy and put the fear of god into some of  these little fuckers.
Oh we can do that no fucking problem.
We'll probably keep it pretty...pretty tame.
How the fuck can a peanut kill someone, it's not even a person?
That's fucked.
Ricky: It's just a few kids, Bubs.
Julian, why would you fuckin' say that right now?
Just about to go here.
Come on bird do your thing!
Ricky: Nothing's happening yet?
No I got cold molasses bird, I can't get a FUCKIN' dribble!
All right, man, I'm all done.
Sorry Bubs.
I just about had it started and you fuckin' jiggled me!
Want me to leave the faucet running for a bit bud, that  might help you out?
No...now I don't think she's going to go Julian.
I'm too FUCKIN' nervous getting in front of these kids.
Maybe you could do the puppet show for me Julian, please?
Bubs I'm not doing the puppet show for ya.
Listen I'm here as a favour.
I'm here to make  sure Ricky doesn't fuck things up for ya.
Well he's  not going to fuck it up, is he?
Oh my god I never even  thought of that.
Ricky's going to fuck this up!!
He's not going to fuck things up, okay?
It's puppets!
How do  you fuck puppets up?
You can fuck puppets up.
You can't, come on.
You're going to do fine.
Let's just go get this over with.
I just I have to use it.
Is that smoke?
What's that smell?
It smells like my Dad's cigarette.
Bubbles: Okay boys, okay boys.
What are you doing?
Show me the...sniff...sniff, you're  smoking dope back here, are you crazy?
No it's French tobacco.
It's not French tobacco it's weed I can smell it.
Bubbles: Listen, listen...
I fucking think the microphones are on!
Man that  Principal dick said we had fifteen fucking minutes!
Ricky, that was twenty minutes ago,  you're baked out of your goddamn mind!
Here boys get  your puppets on we gotta do this!
Hold on a second [inaudible]
I gotta piss!
Ricky what the...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
Stop looking at me.
Oh my god.
Oh fuck that feels good.
Put your bird away.
I can't cut my piss off.
Squeeze it out then.
Jam your bird  down inside of it you're splashing it all over the place.
Oh fuck, you guys want to use that?
Get that fucking thing away from me.
Get it away from me.
It's all drippy.
It smells like pee.
What is wrong with your fucking brain?
You just threw a piss jug at the audience  and you got piss driblets on my lenses.
The audience is... the audience is in there?
Child: I have pee on me.
Where the fuck do you think the audience is?
Just get your guy.
Oh My God, Julian  So what are we going to do here?
We gotta stick to the script is what we gotta do.
I didn't read the script yet.
I thought we had to do that later.
Let's do this.
Hey kids, how's it going?
My name's Bobby [inaudible].
Oh hey, what's your name?
It's Ricky you fucking idiot, you know my name Bubs.
I'm not talking to you Ricky,  the little eight inch cocksucker on the end of your arm!
Hey you, what's your name?
Hey, what's his name again?
It's Ralphy Johnson.
My name is Ralphy Johnson everybody.
Hey Ralphy you should try to move your mouth at the  same time as...
You move your fucking hand  when you're talking Ricky so it...
...looks like  he's saying it, see that?
Oh yeah okay that's cool.
My name is Ralphy Johnson.
Rick you gotta sync it up.
Looks like a python trying to swallow an egg.
Well I'm not good at puppets okay?
They're a little too fucking smart for my brain!
Ricky: No 'cuz you're fuckin' stupid.
Your fuck...you get your fucking thing out there!
Julian get your guy up there.
I'm not playing with puppets Bubs.
Julian you get that fucking puppet  up there or I will kick your testicles up inside  your body CAVITY!
Julian: Oh for fuck sakes.
Doo doo doodoo do da da doo...
Hey there fellas!
How you doing?
I'm Bobby, I'm a  straight A student here at Dartmouth Elementary  and I'm thinking about trying drugs and liquor for the first  time.
Do you think that's a good idea?
Ricky: Who's talking me or him?
Julian: Holy fuck you're stupid.
Don't fucking... the toys fuckin' calling me stupid.
Julian: It's a puppet.
Ricky: You know what? fuck this.
I'm too stupid to fucking do puppets  then I'm too fucking stupid to be here I guess.
Have fun guys!
Ricky get back here!
You get the fuck... fuck you Julian!
No fuck you!
Just a little hey!
Holy fuck!
Bubs I thought you said ten or twenty kids  there's like fifty or a thousand out here.
Bubbles [Bobby Voice]: What?
Hey kids!
Well ah don't do drugs and liquor I guess.
I mean they're pretty good but don't try them yet. fuck you, your an asshole.
Bubbles, I'll be in the car.
Julian: No, no, no.
If I've got to do this,  Ricky, you gotta do it.
Bubbles: Julian, get the fuck back here!
Bubs I'm not playing with puppets.
Get out here.
Julian you promised me you'd help me with this.
I'm...I'm not playing with puppets.
Get out here and tell the people what you gotta say man.
Holy fuck Ju-lian!
Julian: Just get out here!
I can't, I get so nervous in front of kids.
Bubbles get the fuck out here.
Julian: Fifty kids, huh?
Ha ha ha ha!
Oh my god look at all the kids!
Here's the deal, you entertain the kids  I'll go get Ricky, I'll come back out, and  we'll finish the show.
I can't entertain them.
Just tell them some jokes or something.
Jokes ah...
Hey kids!
How's it goin'?
You guys like jokes?
Ha ha ha ha!
I used to know some jokes when  I was a little guy, just like you guys let me think  if I can remember them... under pressure like this... um how do you... ah how do ya...
How do ya catch a unique kitty?
Unique up on 'em.
Ha ha ha ha!
Not bad, right?
Ah just wait now there's a part two to it.
How does it go? how do you catch a tame kitty?
Audience: Tame way.
Unique up on him...
Boys would you get OUT HERE!!!
I'M BOMBING OUT HERE  IT'S LIKE BERLIN in 1940.
Um ah... oh who owns this guitar here?
Actually I don't care, I'm borrowin' it anyway.
Maybe I can play you guys a song,  do you like songs?
This is a song about the dangers of using drugs  and alcohol I'll just make it up.
Kids: You're bad.
Bubbles: It's not in tune that's the main problem.
Kids: You're bad!
Oh My God boys!
Ah ah  I'm going to have a meltdown.
Kids: Oh, gross.
He peed.
Hey Bubs, how's it going?
Sorry about Julian being an asshole  and stuff.
Everything's cool now, we worked it out.
Oh it's okay.
Ricky maybe you guys can just stay out  here and do the show for the kids.
I gotta go backstage  just for a minute.
What's going on down there buddy?
Kids: He peed!
He peed!
Bubs, Oh, ha ha ha ha!
Ricky, fuck off.
No you didn't.
Ricky leave it alone!
Oh My God!
Crowd: Ew [kids start laughing]
You did, you pissed yourself!
No I didn't.
He pissed himself kids!
Look at it.
It's all down his leg.
No I didn't kids I had a juice pack in my pocket.
My bird was doing that it must have jabbed the  fucking thing and burst it.
I can't believe you pissed yourself  in front of all these kids, look at this.
I didn't do it!
I didn't piss myself.
Julian: He didn't piss himself.
He peed his pants, he peed his pants...
It's not a big deal man I'll piss myself  right now if that makes you feel better.
Julian: Smarten up.
You're not going to piss yourself.
I'm trying, I've don't got much left in the tank here.
Come on piss!
That how you piss Ricky?
Like an old gorilla  out in the woods?
Principal Duggan: Okay guys, okay that's enough.
I don't know what the hell you guys think  you're doing but ah that's not what I meant when I said  you could scare the kids.
Come on.
Easy there Phill Cosby.
I'm sorry Principal Duggan this isn't  the way this was supposed to go down.
Just go please off school property right now or I'm calling the cops.
And I'm telling Judge Mason about this too.
I'm sorry kids I didn't pee myself.
Oh My God, I'm sorry everybody...ahhh...
You've got some serious fucking problems  with your brain, you know that?
What do you mean what?
What are you a psychiaprist now?
Hey Bubs, you ready?
Yeah fuck OFF Ricky, you get the fuck away from me right now.
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with me?
What the fuck do you  think is wrong with me?
You embarrassed me in front of  the whole school!
Bubs I thought it went pretty good, they were clapping for ya.
They weren't clapping for me  Ricky, they were laughing at me because of you!
I should fucking clobber you one.
Come on man don't be like that.
Get your hands off me.
Get your fucking hands off me.
You drive me to the park and neither one of you  say a FUCKIN' word to me!
What if I...I have to say somethin' it's a emergency?
Julian: Get going.
Bubbles: You're not saying a word!
Ricky: fucking asshole.
Bubbles: [mocking]
Oh my name's Ricky, I'm a fucking idiot.
I'll just fucking shoot [inaudible]
Ricky: Bubs, it wasn't my fault it was the puppet's  fault really when you think about it. fuck off Ricky.
Julian: Bubs, come on buddy.
Ricky: I told you I don't know how to use  fucking puppets that well.
It's not my fucking fault!
Just relax man, what the fuck is the big deal anyway?
You know what the big deal is Ricky.
You see that I'm  holding two sticks of dynamite baby just light the  fucking fuses, BOOM BOOM!!
Kind of overreaction a little bit don't you think?
You're a fucking nightmare, do you know that?
Ricky: How? fuck you scared me.
What the hell are you doing here Luce?
I thought I'd come for a skate.
I've gotta say this place looks amazing.
It is such a good idea.
It's pretty fucking badass, isn't it.
Yeah ,you know, it's a real turn on.
Wow you look fucking amazing Luce.
You know what the best thing is about this place?
You know that thing that you used to like  me to do with the icecubes?
Oh yeah.
In here we don't need the icecubes.
Are you serious, right here?
Well we're friends with the Benedicts aren't we? fucking right!
What the fuck?
HEARD YOU WERE MAKING PEOPLE CRY AT THE SCHOOL TODAY  YOU fucking BULLY!!!
Kinda busy here bud!
Yeah well you're not gettin' your bird sucked  today!
Outside right now! fuck off Bubbles at least let me put my cock away.
Bubbles, who's Bubbles?
I'm the fucking  Green Bastard parts unknown baby.
You fuck off I'm serious.
This wasn't my fault.
Oh I'm serious too Ricky!
Put your fuckin' dukes up!
What's going on here guys? fuck off Randy it's between me and Ricky.
Look I'll fight Randy if you want but I'm not fighting you Bubbles.
Frig off Ricky!
Gentlemen, calm...
Violence is never the answer. fuck you, Don, you weird spiritual bastard!
Ricky's getting one right now.
You know what Bubbles?
I'm sorry for what happened.
Take your best shot 'cuz I'm not fighting ya.
Oh I'll do it!
Go ahead do it!
I'll fucking' do it Ricky!
I WILL!
GO AHEAD, I DON'T A fuck!!
Oh shit Bubbles!
Oh my fuck!
You knocked that  motherfucker out hard!
Oh my god Ricky!
Wake up!
Wake up!
Are you  all right?
Julian I connected!
RICKY WAKE UP!!!
Oh I think he stopped  breathing!
Ricky don't die on me!
Randy do something!
DOES ANYBODY KNOW CPR?
Somebody help please!
Ah I know CPR, stand back!
What the hell  happened here Randy?
Bubbles punched Ricky and killed him!
No shit, give me some room boys.
Time for an expert.
Bubbles: I'm sorry.
Mister Lahey hurry up, he stopped breathin'!
What the fuck?
Randy: What the frig are ya doin'?
Ah what the fuck happened?
I'm sorry Ricky, I knocked ya out!
I blasted ya one.
I didn't know what the fuck was going on.
I woke up saw him with a boner.
Why the fuck is his cock hard?
He was trying to friggen help ya, ya idiot!
There goes Lahey's wood.
Okay everybody party's over, everybody go back to your  trailers, nothing more to see here.
Are you all right, Ricky?
Ricky: Not now.
Hey Ricky, can I talk to ya for a sec man?
What, about banging my daughter right now?
No you can't.
Once Ricky kinda ,you know, cools down and  then gets over ,you know, this...his anger  about ah me being the Father of Trin's baby  um I might be able to help him with some of his  business, you know?
How was jail?
Ah it wasn't that bad actually.
Yeah it's fucking fun, isn't it?
Good times.
I know.
Look man I really love Trinity and I'm going to work  really hard to become a man for her and...and for you.
Well that's good Jacob 'cuz you're fucked and you  need to become a man, okay?
He's a pretty good business man.
He's got lots of different ah things  going on so maybe I, you know, I hopefully  can help him doing different stuff ,you know,  like...selling drugs.
You become a man maybe I'll shake your hand then.
Okay, thanks Ricky!
Ricky: fuck off.
That went pretty well, eh?
Yeah except for the fuck off part, that was cool.
He's the one that should be apologizing to me.
He embarrassed me in front of all those fucking people!
Ricky think about what you did to him.
Ricky's out here.
He needs to talk to ya.
Hey Ricky.
I'm sorry I fuckin' embarrassed ya and made  you piss yourself in front of all those fuckin' kids today.
It's all right Ricky I'm...I'm sorry that I clobbered ya.
You know I wasn't trying to hurt ya I swear I just...
I was just mad, that's all.
I'm just, I'm under a lot of stress here boys. we're running out of time.
I'm scared we're going to  lose our homes.
I hear ya.
You know Julian you're always the one to figure  these things out, how come you're not figuring it out?
It's kinda hard to do when we're all fightin' Bubs.
Let's just have some fun tonight okay and  I promise you guys I'll come up with a plan.
Yeah okay.
Let's hug it out.
Yeah let's hug it out boys.
No more fighting.
All right.
I love you guys.
I love you too.
Do you think we could get a chicken pizza and  watch a movie tonight?
Now that sounds fucking good.
Midnight Cowboy?
Yeah sure.
Think we could get our jammies on?
Bubs now you're pushing it.
No let's do it for him.
I mean I don't really  have jammies but I can wear my underwear.
Bubbles: Okay kids so the most important thing to remember  when you're learning body-checking  you need to train yourself to forget about the puck.
You gotta concentrate on the person you're lining up to hit.
Ricky: That's right, fuck the puck  it's all about the shoulders, okay?
Watch this while I lay Jacob out.
I'm just looking at his shoulders and...BOOM!!
And if the referee's not looking finish it with a nice slash or  a spear or something like that and that's a nice clean hit.
Geez Ricky that's not actually a clean hit kids.
I mean it was pretty nice but you shouldn't do that.
All right Jacob get the fuck back in here, it's all part of  becoming a man, and you and Cory fix that window today too.
[Parrot Voice]: fuck you.
What the fuck did you just say to me, Jacob?
Nothing Ricky.
I'm not deaf, I heard you say fuck you.
Cory: He didn't say anything man,  I'm standing right beside him dude.
[Parrot Voice]: Suck my cock, bwah, lick my nuts.
What the fuck is going on here?
[Parrot Voice]: Lick my nuts bwah, eat my shit bwah.
Is that my weed?
How can my weed be talking to me?
It sounds pissed off.
[Parrot Voice]: fuck you.
Well fuck you too weed ya whore!
Ricky, is that what you actually think's happening?
Your weed came to life?
[Parrot]: Finger my ass. and it's talking to ya telling ya to fuck off?
[Parrot]: Bwah, Taco likes weed.
Bubbles: Ricky that's Taco.
Taco's in the fucking walls!
Taco: Bwah-fuck my dick-bwah.
No I knew that, I mean I know that's the parrot, whatever.
Taco: Bwah, suck my balls.
Ricky: What the fuck?
Taco you furry slut, you better not be in there  eating all my weed getting high as fuck.
Oh my god Bubbles we got to get him out of there  before he beaks all my weed to pieces!
Taco: Bwah, check my hair, finger my ass.
The mouth on him!
Taco, you stoned wing little prick!
Bubbles [outside]: I haven't seen him yet boys  but keep banging.
Get him on the run!
Force him to this intake pipe, I can fish him out of here!
Taco: Bwah, suck my balls!
I can hear him swearin'!
Taco: fuck you, fuck you, suck my cock!
Rick listen man, we're not making money fast enough.
I'm starting to get fucking worried here.
I know, everything keeps getting fucked up, it sucks!
Taco: fuck you!
Taco, where the fuck are you?
Taco: Bwah, lick my nuts.
I figured out a way how we can do it and  your probably not going to like it but...
Ricky: I'm not making anymore pornos.
Things are going really well with me and Lucy right now.
Taco: Suck my cock.
I'm not talking about pornos.
We could somehow take all your weed,  turn it into honey oil, sell it, we'd make  more than enough money to buy the park, it'd be easy.
There's three problems with your little trike dream.
ONE, I would need a full-on fucking oil refinery  to turn this much weed into oil... and C...
I don't really remember what the fuck C was.
There's only two problems I guess,  but they're two fucking big ones.
Bubbles [outside]: I just saw him run by boys,  he's going to the back of the trailer left side.
Taco: Bwah, taco likes weed bwah.
Cory: Dude  [muffled bird voice]
What the fuck is that Cory?
A cracker?
Yeah dude, like Polly want a cracker, bwah!
Jacob: Good one Cory.
Taco: Bwah, suck on my balls!
God Cory that's just a shitty line out of a pirate movie  you realize that?
Parrots eat tropical fruit and insects.
Taco: Bwah, suck on my balls.
Bwah, eat my shit.
This little fucking asshole, I hear him Bubbles!
I hear the little cocksucker!
He's right fucking here!
I'll try to scare him back towards you!
Taco: fuck you, bwah!
Get going you son of a fucking asshole.
Bubbles: I see him!
He ran right past.
Taco: Bwah, suck my tits.
Cory: Yo I think I hear him in here dude.
OH MY fuck HE GOT MULCHED!!
Oh he got mulched.
He got mulched boys!
What the fuck does mulch mean?
Where's Taco?
That's Taco Ricky, look.
He must have got sucked through the compressor.
Oh my god what are we going to tell Coconut?
That's the least of our fucking problems.
Is the compressor fucked?
Oh my god!
That means all the weed's going to thaw and go mouldy  from the fucking moisture!
I'm going to lose everything!
This is fucked!!
What am I going to do?
Ricky: fuck!
Bubbles: [Whimpering Little Taco.
Hmm, look he got made into tacos.
At least he didn't suffer man.
No he didn't suffer.
Good news Jimmy,  We got the money to buy the park.
So what do you say we all go for a drive to the bank  right fucking now and finish this fucking dealio?
Well you got the money? goddamn right old man.
The fucking deal is done.
Ten grand for your one percent.
Tha-tha-that's great but we can't finish the deal today.
Why the fuck not?
You wanna hear our guns go boom boom?
No no no... the-the lawyer said he's gonna need ah  a whole day to get the paperwork together.
Well...well what do you say I set the deal up tomorrow  for say ah five o'clock?
Five o'clock okay for you guys?
All right you piss licker, five o'clock  but if you fuck around on us in any way for that one percent  it's boom boom bye, bye.
We get the fucking park or you are fucking DEAD!!!
Yeah a thousand percent.
I comprende.
Ricky: How's it looking in there sweetie?
Not great, a lot of it's thawing out.
It's damp.
Yeah a lot of it's starting to melt and it's starting to  run through the bedrooms too.
Look at this.
Oh my fuck!
Where in the cocksuck can I  dry this much weed?! it's too damp in here!
It starts off here in the washing machines  and the Isopropyl.
Okay  Pumped over here to the filter room,  then it goes on to two stages of refining right here  and over to the holding tank.
I mean it can be done Julian  it's just it's not ideal for me obviously.
Ricky: Un-fucking believeable!!
My crop's going to be ruined!
Bubbles: Ricky!
There's a fence.
Ricky: fuck!
Julian: Calm down man, jesus relax!
Ricky: I can't!
Rick you said you needed a full on oil refinery, right?
Check that out buddy.
Bubs is going to build it for ya.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Oh I can fucking build it Ricky.
Are you sure you want to build that here in your sheds?
Julian: Yeah, you cool with this?
Hmm what choice do I have?
What, do I want to be known as  the guy that fucking let the park go away?
This is fucking amazing.
Thank you Bubbles, love you man.
Love you too Ricky.
Let's go Julian, caboose me.
I love you guys.
Bubbles: [making train sounds]
Ha ha!
Toot Toot!
Oh yeah okay oh hell this is all easy shit to get...submersible  That can be anything.
Yeah, the only fucking bitch of the bunch on this list  is the Isopropyl Alcohol.
I don't know anybody  that's going to fucking stock that much.
No Ricky, funeral homes do.
They use it instead of Formaldehyde.
I bet you my right nut, fucking Carter's has a ton of it.
You can probably trade some of your product  to one of them for it, you know, funeral people they're  all baked all the time dealing with the, you know, the "Deadies."  Good point.
Here I'll see what I can find out for ya.
Thanks Bubs.
I need you to give me a hand  with this Isopropyl Alcohol.
Cory, Jacob let's go!
Get the fuck over here!
You guys are going to get all the fucking pipes we need  for this thing, okay?
And you can't fuck this up,  you know what's on the line. you're part of my family now  and my family does not fuck things up.
Okay Ricky.
For fuck SAKES!
Was that necessary Rick?
I'm a little stressed here right now Julian.
Foreman: Don't drive the rebar torch in... quarter inch back,  same thing you fucked up last time for fuck sakes!
Cory: This is serious dude, we got this.
We got it.
Hands down you piss pheasants.
You can raise your hands when you come through.
Here's the list, you got bus fare?
Not a good start boys.
Here's a couple hash coins.
Sorry Ricky.
Julian: Jacob!
Make sure Cory doesn't fuck up!
I will.
Cory, you make sure Jacob doesn't fuck up!
Cory: Let's light a grassfire.
Jacob: Oh I don't know man.
Dude, all construction workers smoke joints.
Oh, okay.
I should set the agitator cycle to twenty-five minutes,  connections all look good.
I'm in charge of putting  together and designing this dirty whore of an oil refinery.
I can't let anything get fucked up, this is my specialty  I'm calling it the SUPER DUPER INDUSTRIAL BUBBLES HONEY OILINATOR.
I just didn't realize how much fucking weed Ricky had!
I hope the thing can live up to it's name, you know?
I'm under a lot of fucking pressure here,  I'm just trembling like some kind of a fucking trembly thing  [deep breath] everything'll be fucking ready to go as long as  the boys just get back here with the supplies.
Just calm down Bubbles [exhale]
'Bout three inches wide or inches long, I have no idea.
It must mean wide.
If it was length we'd need an awful lot  of it, wouldn't we?
Oh I can't fuck this up!
You know what, I'm just going to get some of everything  and there's no way it can fuck up.
Yeah good thinkin'.
Plastic or metal?
Plastic is much lighter and metal's old school man.
Everything's plastic now space station's plastic,  cars are plastic, everything's plastic.
All right let's do this.
All right.
Oh hey man we're just  carrying old pipe away, replacing faulty ones with new ones.
Worker: Yeah, I don't give a fuck.
Cory: So smooth.
Just tuck you away there big fella.
There we go.
WHERE THE fuck IS YOUR ISOPROPYL ALOCHOL?
WHERE IS IT?
WHERE IS IT?
Two bales of it just right through there.
Just don't hurt me!
Julian: Let's go.
Ricky: PUT THE HAIRDRYER DOWN!
PUT THE fucking HAIRDRYER DOWN!
RIGHT NOW!!
I will fucking shoot you!
Put it down, put it down.
Oh yeah!
Uh huh!
Let's move!
Let's move!
Ricky: YOU fucking GOT ME IN THE HEAD WITH A fucking  HAIRDRYER YOU WEIRD LITTLE fuck!!!!
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO!
He dented the bone that holds my eye in!
Who's next?
I'll rip ya a new one!
YOU fuck OFF WITH THE HAIRDRYER!!!
DON'T YOU DENT MY CAR!!
All right my arms are really tired man.
Yeah, yeah just keep going.
I'm really tired.
It's okay, keep going.
Hold up.
Oh dude, a bus!
STOP DUDE!
Watch out dudes!
Yo man, you guys wanna get on first or something man.
Come on.
Let's go.
Thank you.
Watch...watch out.
Hi everybody!
Ah yep oh watch my neck.
Hi Mister bus driver.
Hey look, here's two hash coins...
Thank you very much.
Hey can you hold this?
Yeah Dude, we did it!
Yeah What's up dude?
Oh my fuck!
That's not the right number!
Are you fucking up here Bubbles?
This doesn't make any sense.
Oh my fuck I can't take this!
Dung dung dugga dung dung!
Bobby, don't fucking start!
Oh I'm just worried Bubbles  I don't know if you know this but honey oil is considered  a processed drug just like Heroin.
Bobby I'm trying to fucking concentrate, okay?
Leave me alone.
Well I'm just worried Bubbles that you're going to go back  to jail because of Ricky and Julian.
I have no choice.
They're my friends, I need to trust them.
Well you do whatever you want.
But just remember I'm here for ya if you need me.
Quit fuckin' talk to me like Dexter's Father does HMMM...
Jullian, why didn't you stop ah I was fucking beeping and beeping bud!
I'm busy Jim!
Julian we got trouble.
Cyrus and Sam have the money, they're ready to go.
I managed to stall 'em until five o'clock tomorrow.
Well I had not choice.
They pulled their fucking guns on me.
I was scared shitless!
I-I had to promise I'd give 'em one percent of the park.
WHY THE fuck WOULD YOU DO THAT???
Well I don't know!
Jesus Christ!
Bubs is this even possible?
Yeah it's possible if I had the right fucking materials  I mean we'd be cuttin' close but it's doable.
Oh my fuck!
Check it out dudes, all aboard the pipe train!
For the love of King Henry's nutsack, that's plastic pipe!!
You don't think that's gonna melt under extreme heat?
Not to mention it's not even the right size!
I needed three inch.
That's not three inch!
You coulda told that by putting your birds together.
Boys, this is fucked I can't use that, we're fucked. you guys better get the fuck away from me right now.
You just cost us the fucking trailer park.
Lahey: I think I got some three inch metal pipe in the  supply shed, I'll go get it.
Cory and Jacob get the fuck here and give me a hand.
Go with him right now!
Get the fuck in.
Get the fuck in here!
What the fuck is that?
Keep cool Ricky.
Friends, Romans, FUCKHEADS!
Lend me your dumb stupid ears!
It's time to play a little game called, WHO WINS AND WHO fucking LOSES!!!
Cyrus:'Cuz this is game seven overtime.
Cyrus has a puck he passes it to Sam.
Sam shoots.
He scores!
And Cyrus and Sam win the park!
And everybody else CAN fuck RIGHT OFF! fuck you cave dwelling man whore and you can suck it dickrus.
Oh the agony of defeat, how's it feel Julian?
It feels pretty shitty Sam.
It feels like I let everybody down.
You guys win.
You can go home now.
Oh the big tough Julian admits defeat.
Well that's  really all we wanted to hear.
We won fair and square so let's end this like men.
I'm not shaking your hand.
That's all right, 'cuz we're levelling this fucking place.
Oh this just keeps getting better and better.
Gotcha Jimbo!
I got you.
Well, well, well what do we have here?
Are you helping these guys?
You fucking us around?
It's not what you think, Cyrus.
I'm just trading some pipe.
Oh I think it's exactly what I think!
I think you're looking  for some lead in the head!
Julian: fuck off!
Oh,big tough Julian gonna take a bullet for this fruitloop?
I'd take a bullet for anyone from this park.
Oh that's good because my brain's telling my finger  to pull the trigger right about now.
Well you and your brain can fuck off, we've been  down this road before Cyrus.
You're not shooting anybody.
Randy: WHAT THE HELL'S GOING ON HERE?!
Oh no, Whale Blubber Boy's going take his pants off again!
Put the friggen gun away, Cyrus, before I call the cops.
I'm sick of turning my back on criminal  activity here Mister Lahey.
Lahey: Randy!
Julian: Pull up your pants, I got this.
Why don't you put the gun down and fight me like a man?
Sam take care of this muscle bound bitch for me.
I've been looking for a chance to fight you and your dumb muscles.
Muscles slow you down stoop...
Hold that for me.
Oh the gun's out again, wow what a surprise!
We know you're not going to use it 'cuz your a fucking pussy!
Oh yeah?
Oh my god Randy!
Bubbles: Choke him out Julian!
Don't you ever come back to this park unless you own the place,  you got it?
YOU GOT IT?
I got it!
I got it!
Bubbles: AH fuck YOU CYRUS, YOU pussy!!!
Your a friggen jerk Cyrus!
Bubbles: fucking dickweeds!
Randy you are now an official trailer park supervisor bud!
That was very impressive big man.
You don't have to go to the hospital for that he just glazed ya.
So is that pipe gonna work or what?
Yes the pipe can work.
All right let's get this going we're runnin' out of time guys.
Thanks Jim.
Ricky: What a fuckin' horn shower-offer.
Come on bead up for me you dirty little bitch!
There she is.
Beads for Bubbles.
How's it going buddy?
That should be pretty much it right there.
AH fuck slut!!!
How'd you make out with the connections up there?
It was the last one.
Pretty impressive Bubs.
Yeah I guess so.
What's wrong?
Well it's just ,you know, Julian I just wanted to have a nice  little simple business to run, now I have a full on fucking  honey oil refinery on my property.
It's all going to be worth it man, I promise.
And look at this fucking thing.
Yeah it's pretty fucking decent.
Lahey: How's it feeling Rand?
It friggen hurts.
This woulda never happened  if I could have called the cops when I wanted to.
I'm sorry Randy.
I can't explain it but  there's bigger things at play here, you're just gonna have to trust me.
I'm scared Mister Lahey.
Things are out of control.
How am I supposed to trust you?
Trust is the only thing we have left Randy.
Look there's going to be a bodyguard here in about an hour.
Safest place for you to be is right here with me.
A body guard like the movies?
Yeah, something like that.
Listen why don't we get you in your bed  I can make you feel more comfortable.
I'm not ready for that Mister Lahey.
I'm really confused about my feelings right now.
I'm just going to sleep on the couch.
Okay, suit yourself.
What a fucking day!
Ricky: Bubbles you built the greatest honey oil factory  in the history of the world man, I can't fucking WAIT to cook tomorrow!
Hey Coconut, how ya feeling bud?
Hey mon, I have one question to ask.
Did me bird suffer?
Ricky: Definitely didn't suffer I mean that thing spins at about  nine hundred rip ems and it probably got sucked into it  head first and he just got shredded instantly into these little tiny...
Bubbles: Ricky you...!
My god.
No Coconut I guarantee ya  he didn't suffer, I know that for a fact.
Now I don't know if you realize this but Taco's a hero!
A hero?
Come on man how can de bird be a hero man?
He's just a bird.
Oh no, I mean if he didn't have this tragedy befall upon him  and he didn't get SUCKED into that air conditioner and  completely pulverized the insides of it with his poor little bird body... we wouldn't be in this position to... to save Sunnyvale from the clutches of evil.
Yeah mon.
You know we owe that all to Taco, boys.
Oh I'm gonna miss him.
So am I.
Sorry Coconut.
Yeah mon.
Look I don't know how we're going to do it yet but  I promise you, I promise you we're going to honour that brave  little son of a whore and the sacrifice that he made.
Yeah mon.
To Taco, boys!
To Taco!
Here little buddy, do a shooter for Taco.
Well boys I'd love to sit around and get wasted with you guys but  unfortunately I've got to go be a bodyguard for drunkie  for the rest of the night.
That's...that's on me man.
All right.
Bubbles: Julian?
Git yer arse on a swivel bud.
This is the best I can do, Julian.
They're not the ideal candidates to start with.
They're gonna be seen from a distance, Bubs.
It doesn't have to look perfect, man.
Turn around boys.
Ricky [laughing]
Ha, ha, ha...
You guys look fucked.
Julian: No, this is gonna work.
This is the most important thing  I've ever asked you guys to do  so you can't fuck this up.
Thanks Julian.
Five bucks.
All I have is a ten.
Ricky: I've probably never told you guys this before  but I believe in you guys.
You make a good team.
Here's the map.
If you put a scratch on my fucking car,  I'll shoot you both in the cocks.
Lahey: George is watching.
Julian: Okay boys.
Good luck.
Ricky: Heads down, dummies.
I'm scared, Cory.
I don't know if I can do this.
I've never been involved in a  special covert operation before.
Ah dude, man, it'll be awesome.
Look at us.
Man, Ricky is like the smartest dude I know.
What's gonna go wrong?
Just breathe.
What the fuck?
What the fuck, man?
Yo, you guys is late.
What the fuck?
We got lost, guys.
We're not too good at driving places. fuck man.
That's not cool, man.
You're killing me.
Where's the shit at?
Right there.
Well come on, man.
Let's get it.
Let's load it.
Let's do, let's do this shit.
T: Let's roll.
Let's roll.
Police Officer: Hands where I can see them!
Hood of the car.
Let's go!
Turn around!
You're under arrest for possession  and distribution of a controlled substance.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say  can and will be used against you in a court of law.
Controlled substance?
Since when is spring water a controlled substance?
Officer 2: Sarge, he's right.
This is water.
Officer 1: What?
Captain this is two one two,  looks like the intel was false.
Help my fuck.
A police takedown  over fucking spring water?
Can you guys believe that?
I suggest you get in your car and drive away.
Or what?
What you gonna do?
You gonna arrest me  for being dehydrated out in this motherfucker?
Get the hell out of here.
Man, come on guys.
Let's roll.
Cory: Well have a great day, officer.
So, uh, do you have insurance and registration  for this piece of shit you're driving?
Well do you have insurance and registration to SUCK MY dick?
Cyrus: We've been fucking had!
Jacob: Let's get the fuck out of here, man.
Cory: I fucking can't see.
I can't see.
Ricky: Bubbles, will you please calm the fuck down!
I told you not to come with us if you didn't want to.
Oh no.
I could've stayed at the trailer park  all by myself and let Sam and Cyrus come and kill me.
That's a fucking good time, Ricky!
Julian: Nobody's killing anybody, Bubs.
Oh hey.
No, no, no, everything's cool.
No, we'll have the money shortly.
Uh he's with us right now.
No, he seems to be on board a hundred percent.
Lahey: Say thank you, Barb.
You're welcome!
All right.
We'll talk to you in a bit.
All right.
Bubbles: Is that a fucking bag of guns?
Oh my god, a bag of guns.
Do you think Sebastian Bach is  gonna try to shoot us or something?
Ricky: Would you just relax?
We're talking about a lot of money here, Bubs.
It's better to have a gun and need it  than not have a gun and not need it.
Oh I can't fucking take this.
I'm telling ya right now.
Hello ladies!
Oh my fuck!
What is he doing here?
Hey, I'm Bobby Turkalino.
I'm here to help Bubbles  express himself and say the things he  wants to say to Ricky.
Sometimes Bubbles wants  to go deep into Ricky's mind.
He can't bring himself  to say hurtful things.
That's why I made this guy.
Me like drugs.
Say hi Little Ricky.
Me Ricky.
Me fucked in the head.
Julian: Bubbles, put the fucking puppets away, Bubs.
I'm serious.
Julian, this might be the only thing that keeps me  from going off the deep end!
They're not gonna say anything, I promise.
Julian, we should probably  get your crystal back to Castle Grayskull  before Skeletor notices it's missing.
Julian: Bubs, this is serious business.
Put the puppet away, please?
Bubbles: [as Bobby Turkalino]
Oh I know it's serious business, Julian.
This drug deal's very serious.
That's why we got  Lahey, the alcoholic, and Ricky, the fucking idiot.
Me an idiot.
Nothing can go wrong.
Give us a little kiss, Swayze.
Bubs, fuck off!
Cory: That hurts too.
Jacob: fuck.
This never happened.
Cory: There's a car, dude.
What the fuck?
Cory: Oh man.
Cyrus: Nice fucking disguises fruitos.
Now where's Ricky and Julian?
And stop fucking around.
We're not in the mood.
Cyrus: You want my... you want my fucking finger  to tell my brain to pull the trigger again?
Oh you know what, Cyrus?
You can fuck off, man,  'cause you already shot someone.
You're not gonna shoot someone again in broad daylight  with all the witnesses.
Jacob: Cyrus, why'd you do that, man?
Let me ask you again, you fucking ugly Patrick Dixie.
Where the fuck is Ricky and Julian?
Cory: Oh fuck!
Sebastian Bach: Hey you guys.
It's so great to see you cock heads.
What's up, man? fucking right on.
Hey Sebastian, how ya doing?
Oh and you brought a puppet!
Man, this is great  because I dig puppets.
Yeah, that's Bobby Turkalino and Little Ricky.
Right on.
Ricky: Well it's not quite a tonne, man, but  this should last you quite a goddamn while.
You're telling me that this whole thing is filled with honey oil.
Well it's not quite full but fuck yeah  there's a lot in there.
Holy shit!
Ricky, I didn't think you  were talking about an actual tonne.
Look, I speak the fucking words my brain thinks out to me.
Did you or did you not say I will take whatever you got?
Yeah but not a whole goddamn barrel, dude.
Like really.
Jesus fucking Christ!
Calm down, Ricky.
How much were you planning on buying?
Not a barrel!
What about a hundred and twenty five grand worth?
Tour Manager: Jesus.
No, man.
Not a fucking chance.
Ricky: Look.
This is the best shit I ever smoked.
It's maple flavoured.
Try it.
Tour Manager: Baz.
HOLY SWEET MOTHER OF MAPLE SYRUP TREES!
THIS IS  THE GREATEST HONEY OIL THAT I MYSELF HAVE  EVER EXPERIENCED.
WHAT THE...
THIS IS fucking DELICIOUS!
Look man, we need a hundred and twenty five grand  to buy the trailer park we live in.
If we don't, these two fuck heads are gonna come in,  buy the place and kick us the fuck out.
How about I give you the whole goddamn thing  for a hundred and twenty-five grand?
Ricky: What?
Are you nuts?
There's four hundred grand  worth of fucking honey oil in there, man.
That's my retirement.
What's better?
Do you want everybody to lose their homes?
I know what it's like.
I know what it's like to lose my crib.
I know what it's like to lose my band  and my chick.
AND IT fucking SUCKS ass!
You know what? fuck IT!
I'm taking the whole barrel.
One hundred and twenty-five dollareenies worth.
Let's fucking do it.
Let's blaze.
And the puppet!
Tour Manager: Oh fucking come on, Baz.
You fucking paid... fucking right.
A hundred and twenty-five thousand  dollars worth of this shit.
Get it in the fucking bus.
Let's go.
Get it loaded, open it up, let's go, let's blaze.
Come on.
Right now.
Come on.
Tour Manager: What the... what the fuck, Baz?
You can't buy a fucking barrel's worth of oil, man.
Oh god.
You're the tour manager, right?
Then tour manage my nuts.
Get onto the bus and get the money.
The puppet too, dude!
Okay so just so we're clear here,  Bobby Turkalino was never part of the deal.
Bubbles, if I'm gonna sell my retirement for  the gooder of this park, I think maybe the least  you can do is hand over that little fuck face.
Come on.
Hurry up.
I gotta get on the road to Kalamazoo  to go on the road with Rat.
What do you think, Bobby?
Do you wanna go and live with Sebastian Bach?
Do I want to go live with a rock star  and get my little fabric bird sucked?
Does a moose shit berries in the woods?
Me Ricky.
Me want to go too.
Come on the road.
Tour Manager: A hundred and twenty five thousand dollars.
That's pretty much every cent we made doing  merch and meet 'n greets!
Way to go, Baz.
Baz: Perfect.
Tour Manager: Aw fuck man!
Good doing business with you, man.
Sebastian: Right on, dude.
Bubbles: Decent.
Ricky: Enjoy that shit.
Sebastian: Excellent.
You know it's true.
Okay puppet, puppet, puppet, puppet.
Puppet, puppet, puppet.
All right.
Hang on.
What the fuck is this?
What the fuck?
Get the gun!
Get the fucking gun.
Ricky: Get a fucking gun, Bubbles.
Bubbles: Get the bag of guns.
Sebastian: Get the gun.
Ricky: These are the fucking dickheads I was talking about.
Don't call me a fucking dickhead.
Hand over the cash there, bitch tits.
You know I'm not gonna fucking do that.
Hey ass chin!
Why don't you and Captain Caveman  fuck off back to the land of arseholes? fuck off four eyes.
You don't even know that nobody even likes bullies!
Like you!
Dance motherfucker!
What are you doing?
Damn it!
What the fuck is going on here!
Ricky: Get in.
Get in.
Ricky: YOU fucking SHOT ME!
Sam: Aw fuck!
Right in the stomach.
Ricky: Jesus fucking Christ!
How the fuck does this keep happening to us?
Just stop the fucking bleeding 'cause  we're not going to the fucking hospital.
Who said anything about going to a fucking hospital?
Bubbles: [as Little Ricky]
Me Ricky!
Me shot myself in the foot  for fiftieth time!
Must be because me a fucking idiot!
BUBBLES fuck OFF!
You fuck off!
I didn't want to be involved in this anyway.
Julian: Bubbles, put the fucking puppet away!
Barb: Mr. Steinberg, how about a little chip while you're waiting here?
Mr. Steinberg: No, no, no, no.
That's okay.
I'm not a...
Are you sure?
No, I'm not a big fan of ketchup.
They're the park favourite.
No, I'm gluten free.
Ricky: fuck!
Julian: Hey Barb, how ya doing?
We're just pulling into the park right now.
All right.
Yeah, yeah.
No, everything's cool.
Just make sure he does not leave!
See ya in a second.
All right.
Talk to you later.
They are, they're just pulling into the park, Mr. Steinberg.
We'll, uh, we'll see them.
Welcome back to the twenty-sixth annual dick Weed Awards.
BUBBLES, I SWEAR TO fuck I'M GONNA CUT THAT  LITTLE cock SUCKER'S HEAD RIGHT OFF HIS fucking  BODY IF HE SAYS ONE MORE goddamn WORD!
I'm sorry Ricky!
I'm fucking sorry. fucking better be sorry.
Bubbles didn't want to be involved in this anyway, Ricky.
Me Ricky.
Me don't care.
That's enough!
Me Ricky. fuck you, you fucking asshole!
That's enough.
Ricky, put the gun down!
I'm sick of this puppet shit!
I don't care whose lives me ruin.
I said that's enough! fuck you Ricky!
Ricky: Bubbles!
I'm serious.
You better fucking...
Barb: They're very excited about this.
Uh Julian? everything okay?
This is Mr.
He's been really excited to meet you.
You cool with fucking cash?
Uh well that's a bit unorthodox but yeah,  I suppose I can take cash.
Listen, I've prepared  all the necessary documents stating that, uh,  Barbara has the funds and she'll be purchasing  the shares from, uh, Mr.
There's just the,  uh, well there's the little matter of the one percent  belonging to a, uh, James Lahey?
Oh right here sir.
Lim Jahey.
Pleased to meet you, bud.
Uh if I could just have you sign  here stating that you're relinquishing your  one percent over to Barbara.
Did you say relinquish?
Well I was given to understand that  I would get Sam's share in exchange for my one percent.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You don't expect me to just give it away, Julian.
Why would I do that?
For fucks sakes!
You're not doing this to me right now, man.
You promised us the one percent, Jim.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I didn't promise.
I, I promised that Sam and Cyrus wouldn't get the one percent.
No, no, no.
You know goddamn well  that we were gonna get their shares.
I can't imagine how I got that mixed up, Julian.
I can easily make an amendment  to the document if that's gonna be the arrangement.
Barb: Just, just wait.
Julian: All right.
So does this mean that he'd get the  forty nine point five percent of the park?
Well actually, wouldn't I get fifty point five percent  with the one percent I already own?
Or I could go talk to Sam, see what he's  offering and let him and Cyrus get the park.
It's your call...
Barb: Okay make the change.
Just sign the fucking document.
All right.
One more thing.
Um you know Julian,  just one more thing.
You know, a man may live his  whole life and never hold power in his hands.
Real power.
And then one day power might just  drop onto his lap.
Did you ever hear the story  about The Shitfisher, Julian?
Ricky: Jesus Christ!
Have a seat.
I don't want to take a seat.
Have a seat, Julian.
I'm not sitting down.
This old Shitfisher took his bagpipes down to  the river and he played his pipes in hopes that  the shitfish would rise up out of the water.
But not one shitfish rose, Julian.
So he took a shitnet  and he threw it in the river and, lo, soon he drew  it forth filled with shitfish.
Then he took  his bagpipes and then he played them again and all the shitfish  jumped up in the shitnet.
'Oh, you dance now when  I play,' said the Shitfisher.
And then  the little old shitfish spoke up in the end and he said,  'when you're in a man's power, you must do as he bids you."  Shitnets, Julian, and Shitpower.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You win.
Just sign the paper.
All right.
I'll sign the papers, Julian.
But first, I want to seal it with a kiss.
Not a fucking chance.
Come on, Julian.
It's just a little chocolate.
Give him one.
I'm the Shitfisher, Julian, and you're in my shitnet.
We seal it with a kiss on the lips  or I walk away from this deal forever.
Ricky: Lips?
Bubbles: He wants to kiss him, Ricky.
Kiss him!
Oh man, that sucks.
No shit!
Well you got no choice though.
Look Julian, just look at it like this.
You can do this.
You just have to think of, like,  Andy Dufresne in Shawshank Redemption.
He had to get in that horrible fucking goddamn shit  pipe to crawl to salvation.
That was a fucking movie, Bubs.
I know, I know it was a movie but it's just  like this.
This is your shit pipe, Julian.
This is your shit pipe.
You gotta just fucking close  your eyes, plug your nose, get in that shitty  pipe and start crawling to, crawling to Sunnyvale bud.
Get in the shit pipe, Julian.
Barb: Please Julian.
Get in the shit pipe!
All right.
One fucking kiss but my mouth stays closed.
And I'm not moving my lips.
Bubbles: You can do it, Julian!
Ricky: I know this is fucked but you gotta do it.
I gave up retirement, man.
Bubbles: Come on, Julian.
Everybody's sacrificed everything they've had.
Let's get this over with.
Bubbles: Julian, just think of the party we're gonna have.
There's ketchup chips, hot dogs here.
Ricky: Just pretend it's an old drunk girl instead of a man.
Bubbles: You're in the shit pipe bud...
Ah forget him.
You know Julian?
There's only one man in this world I want to kiss right now.
And you're not him.
Actions speak louder than... words, don't they Randy?
That's right, Mr. Lahey.
You just need to  show me with the little things, like sticking up  for me when someone pisses on my shoes.
You're right, Randy.
I should've stuck up for you, bud.
But you know what?
It's never too late.
You sure it was Ricky who pissed in your shoes, bud?
I've got no proof but I think it was.
Come on.
Did you piss in Randy's shoes?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Ah I see.
Bubbles, I know you know.
And don't fucking lie.
I don't know, Mr. Lahey.
I have no idea who...
Ricky did it!
Me did it. fucking asshole!
I knew you pissed in my shoes!
So what if I did?
What are you gonna do about it?
Ricky, you pissed in Randy's shoes.
Now Randy's pissing on yours.
Like fuck he is.
Oh he's pissing on them, Ricky.
He's pissing  on them or Sunnyvale goes to Sam and Cyrus.
Don't push me.
I'm fucking serious.
Julian: Just get it over with, man.
It's for the park.
Piss in my fucking shoes.
Oh no, no, no, no, no.
The shoes stay on.
Oh I don't fucking think so.
You're fucking serious?
Barb: You are sick, Jim.
Come on, Ricky.
You have to do this.
People have made sacrifices here.
Fine fuckhead.
Piss on my feet.
You splash my right leg, I'll kill ya.
I've got a bullet wound.
You don't move a fucking muscle till Randy's finished.
That's the deal.
Randy, from this day forward,  no one is ever gonna piss in your shoes again, bud.
I promise.
Show me what you got.
Here it goes, Mr. Lahey.
Barb: Oh my god.
Come on, Randy.
I can't get it going, Mr. Lahey.
Ricky: Good.
I'm bashful.
Don: Open up the floodgates, Randy.
This is fucking piss karma.
Here it goes.
Oh yeah!
[crowd groans] Lahey: Good one, Randy.
This is payback, Ricky,  for all the friggin' shit you've done to me.
This is karma.
Bubbles: You're doing good, Ricky.
You're doing good.
Just think about everybody in the park.
Yeah think about how everyone in  the park's watching Randy PISS on ya.
What the fuck were you eating?
Ah this is spectacular!
I love you, Mr. Lahey.
Ricky: You're fucking dead.
Lahey [into hidden microphone]: Okay boys.
Okay Barb, I'm ready to sign.
Bring on the documents.
Thank you.
Oh and, uh, one last thing.
Ricky: What the fuck is going on here?
Barb: What's this for?
Officer: Hands behind your backs, boys.
Ricky: What the fuck are we being arrested for?
Manufacture and...
Lahey: And distribution of a controlled substance.
I've been gathering evidence on you guys  the whole fucking time.
Why the fuck would you do that?
Why couldn't you just leave us alone?
Because it occurred to me, Ricky, how the fuck  could I enjoy my retirement with you  living in this park?
Ricky: By minding your own fucking business,  that's fucking how!
Ricky, the only time I ever found peace was when  you were fucking in jail.
You know what?
I honestly  was trying to let well enough alone, laissez-faire, Ricky,  but then George came up with this great idea.
Julian: George?
Lahey: Yeah, George.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You think it's fun banging people's fucking girlfriends  and then getting them thrown in jail,  you prick?
You can suck my fucking smooth cock there,  George Green, you fucking dumber than dumb fuck.
You don't got shit on us and there's not a fucking  chance we're going to jail for this shit. fuck you!
Take care of him, George.
Listen, buddy.
I'm sorry to tell you this, but I already gave the tapes  to the chief.
Looks like only one of us is going to  be taking credit for this one, George.
Sorry about that.
Hell, you have to live with it,  you being the dumbest cop on the force.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say  can and will be used against you in a court of law...
You have the right to legal representation.
Do you understand these rights?
What the fuck is going on here?
I was reinstated nine months ago.
I'm undercover.
And as far as the law is concerned, all you've been  doing around here is participating in a whole lot  of criminal activity.
You're going to jail with all the  rest of them.
Get him out of here!
George, we're partners, buddy.
Take him away.
Randy, you're the park supervisor!
Come on, Randy.
You can do something here, bud.
Ricky: fucking George Green.
How the fuck did they  let that guy back on the force?
He's a fucking idiot.
Julian: Can you just shut the fuck up?
You're not making things any better here.
Officer: Excuse me, but are you okay ma'am?
I just can't believe this is happening.
Lapis Lazuli.
A beautiful stone  for an even more beautiful lady.
Victor Daniels, ma'am.
A pleasure to meet you.
If you need anything at all, anything,  that's my personal cell number on the back.
Please don't hesitate.
Good day ma'am.
Thank you.
Bubbles: You were fucking banging her, Julian.
Julian: I was not banging Barb.
Bubbles: You got distracted by her bullshit crystals.
Randy: I won't let you down as trailer park supervisor,  Mr. Lahey.
Cross my heart and hope to die.
Lahey: Randy.
Cory: What's up dudes?
I got shot.
Jacob: It was awesome.
Jesus fuck!
Julian: Bubbles, calm down.
Bubbles: Will you guys stop yelling at each other please?
Julian: It's him.
Ricky: Listen, fuck off both of ya.
Julian: You had, you had to piss in Randy's fucking shoes, didn't ya?
Bubbles: Boys, just stop it please.
Ricky: I'm covered in piss right now.
Bubbles: I know and I'm freaking out.
Ricky: Listen to me.
I promise you we will not spend  one fucking day in jail for this.
I can't believe I let that oily, stinky, big fucking  hippo piss his dirty stinky piss all over me and  then I get busted by the dumbest dummy fuck head  of all times and it's all thanks to liquorball  Mc Old Pubes.
Lahey is lucky he's not in general population  or I would fucking have a piece of him already.
Sometimes jail isn't that bad.
Life kinda stands  still in here, which is a good thing because,  you know, it's gonna help me get over wanting to kill Lahey.
Get your jollies fucking around with Jim Lahey?
Just like George fucking Green?
I gotta admit.
He fucking blindsided me.
The dumbest cop in the force  takes down Jim Lahey.
What the fuck's that make me?
A loser.
A drunk, ex-cop, bisexual loser.
I was totally blindsided by what went down with  George, like everybody else, and I feel horrible  for what happened with Ricky and he was doing  so well dealing with the whole pregnancy and, and  he sort of gave up everything to keep this  family together and it's been pretty hot.
So I'm optimistic  for the future of our family. fuck it.
I got my family back now and that's  all that matters to me.
That and becoming a granddad  and good dope, good grilled cheese,  nice sauce for my chicken fingers, videogames,  getting drunk.
That's pretty much it.
Oh and killing Jim Lahey and George Green  as soon as I fucking get out of here.
Man, going to jail this time has done wonders  for, you know, our status with Ricky and Julian and stuff.
I mean I took a bullet for Ricky.
I took a bullet as Ricky, which is pretty cool.
Yeah totally.
We totally earned their respect  this time, especially Ricky.
He told me I'm a man now.
I don't know what I was thinking that I'd be  able to run a legitimate business living in  between Ricky and Julian.
I mean I, you know,  every time I try to do something legit  they fuck it up on me.
You'd think I'd learn.
You know what?
You're a good friend.
I, I miss Trev and everything  but it's been good working with you and I have to tell you  that I can't wait to do more getting to know you and stuff.
I think we're an unstoppable team.
We've got a couch and a TV and a lamp, a nice lamp  so we have some, we have some nice things I suppose.
Bubs, you seriously fucked up the settings on this TV, man.
I didn't fuck up the settings on the TV.
It's in Spanish.
I didn't put the TV in Spanish.
I don't speak Spanish.
Who did it then?
I don't know.
Maybe the guards let in one of the Spaniards.
One of the Spaniards?
You talking about Joe?
He's Lebanese.
He's not Spanish.
I'm not talking about Joe.
There's all kinds of Spaniards in here.
Well it's fucked.
I can't understand it.
I can't even get out of the screen.
Well fucking ask them to reset it.
I don't know how to do it.
It's hard in here,you man.
Yeah, but man...
I may not be as hard as I thought I was, dawg.
You're harder than that.
Them mafuckas, you stand in line, get some meatloafs.
These mafuckas like ain't see you  aroundt and I gotta be like hey you man.
I'm fucking terrified, dawg.
And maybe I might not be as hard as I thought I would be.
I know that you got me and I got myselfs.
It's them other mafuckas I'm worried about having me.
Don't sweat man.
Just hold it down, dwag, and I'll be out soon.
I know, I know.
I'm gonna stand with my back to the wall,  you know what I'm saying?
We're gonna get you out of here.
We gotta do something.
Keep my game tight.
Come on J.
Come on, come on.
I'm a'ight.
Hold it together.
I'm a'ight, dawg.
Hold it together.
I'll talk to you later.
Do we do it?
Let's go.
Look at the elbows.
The Dirty Dancer's making huge profits.
I'm running the girls.
T's doing the money, the dope  and the booze.
Things are going really well.
It's actually way better since Julian's gone because  with Julian comes Ricky and with Ricky comes trouble.
And I'm just gonna step up and show J-Roc  and show everybody that I can do this and that  I'm the man that they can count on.
We make a good team I think.
We do make a good team.
We're gonna be out of here in no time thanks to  stupid idiot police work.
I mean if I was a fucking  police cop the one thing I'd maybe want to have is  the evidence, the actual controlled substance we were  supposedly manufacturing.
Our lawyer's gonna tell  the judge we were making bible fuel and he's gonna  pre-bargain out all the fucking mysterymenour horse  cockery and he says we'll be fine.
So until then I'm  just gonna party my fucking ass off 'cause I'm retiring  from jail after this to be with my family.
Lahey: Last time I was in Sunnyvale I was holding hands  with Randy and we just, we were magnificent.
The cl... the  clouds parted.
The fucking sunrays were shining down and  all of a fucking sudden boom boom  I'm fucking handcuffed and thrown in this fucking shit hole  fucking joint!
You fucking asshole.
I got really confused when I fell back in love with  Mr.
Lahey again and then he went to jail.
So I'm gonna keep my options open.
Donna and I have agreed  to have a 'friends with benefits' type of  arrangement, no commitments, and as far as we're both concerned,  Don doesn't need to know.
You know what the lowest form of a scumbag is?
A fucking cheater.
Now me and Sam, we played  this whole thing out fair and square but we lost to  a good for nothing fucking cheater.
Barb: I don't know what's coming next but I, I'm excited  to find out.
I do know that the future of Sunnyvale  Trailer Park is bright.
I think that what Julian did  to save this park, for me and for the people  who live here, was heroic.
He is an amazing man  and I am proud and happy to share my forty-nine  and a half percent ownership with him as my co-owner.
I've got shares in the trailer park and my bar's  kicking ass.
Tyrone, he just visited me the other  day.
He said, you know, he's building this little  nest egg for me when I get out which is, is really cool.
I'm gonna need it so right now I'm just gonna  relax, get in good shape.
Not worry about a fucking thing.
Well you did have it but now it's mine.
What the fuck is that?
I think it's a bugle trumpet, Ricky.
Will you shut the fuck up?
Shut the fuck up!
Good morning, Sunnyvale!
Breakfast will be served at 0700 hours sharp.
Thank you.
And have a safe and alcohol-free day.
I'm kind of glad you woke me up with your bugle "trunket"  'cause I've got a 15-drink piss  I'm about to flush out of my fucking body.
Ah, you can keep me out of the park  but you can't keep my cock out.
Is that right?
Jesus fucking Christ!
Real men don't try to electrocute other men's cocks  when they're trying to piss, you mushroom-titted whore...
Oh, my fuck, that hurts!
Trin, don't look.
Dad's cock got melted.
It's in as far as it can go.
It feels great.
I can go about another inch.
Why is it a hundred and fucking fifty degrees in here?
Oh, I know.
Isn't it nice, Julian?
Come and do some hot yoga with us.
Sweat's good for the body, Julian.
It makes you super-bendy.
You look super-fucked, Randy.
You've got to be fucking kidding me.
What is wrong with you people?
How bad is it underneath?
It's pretty fried.
Maybe if we just do it really quick  it won't hurt that bad?
It's got grill marks on it.
Listen, we've got to try this.
It's been so long.
I need it.
Okay, I...
All right.
Sure, I'll...
Hey, breakfast anyone?
Bubbles, can you give us a minute here?
Actually, no.
Breakfast sounds great.
I'm starving.
Sorry, Ricky.
Put your pants on.
Look what I got.
Pancakes from scratch,  my own homemade maple syrup.
Look at that: bacon, fresh fruit,  cereal, Lucky Charms,  all separated out the way you like them, without the clovers.
I fucking love you, Bubbs.
I'll take that.
At least somebody's getting some shit going.
They better be careful.
I don't my gram-child's head having dents in it.
Morning, folks.
How'd you sleep, Richard?
I'll punch him in the fucking face, right now!
Think about your grandchild...
Calm down. fuck them!
I can't wait to get enough money to get at my new job.
I'll sue the fucking asses off them!
And their arms and their fucking legs!
Look, I'll deal with these fuckers.
Wait here.
Good morning, sir.
Don't fucking "Good morning, sir" me.
You not letting Ricky in the park, this is fucking bullshit.
He just wants to live in here in peace with his family.
Bubbles, Ricky doesn't know how to live in peace.
And I'll be damned if I'm going to let history repeat itself,  especially when things are running so perfectly.
Yeah, well, I wouldn't have signed  a long-term fucking lease for Sunnyvale Park  if I had known you weren't going to let him in.
He's my family!
Look, we have a good thing going here.
You're just going to have to trust me.
Trust you.
Oh, yeah?
Maybe if I took the lease agreement  down to a lawyer and showed it to him.
Maybe I should do that  to see if I should trust you.
Get a lawyer involved.
You're going to go to a lawyer, are you, Bubbs?
Jeez, I...
I don't think they have a "don't pay a cent" event  down at the law offices, do they?
Ha ha ha!
Very funny.
It's fucking bullshit anyway.
It's bullshit.
It's not fair and you know it.
Do you want to talk about fair?
You try humping a crate of scotch  and two wounded soldiers  on your shoulders for 31 days  up the Central Highlands of South Vietnam  during the battle of La Drang Valley in 1965.
And then... have those two soldiers die on your head.
Was that fair?
Life is not fair, soldier!
Jesus Murphy.
Hey, Julian?
How was your sleep?
I didn't sleep.
Look, come here.
Come here.
I've got something for you.
Just keep it on the low, see?
I can't believe you can fucking live here like this.
What do you mean?
I can't believe you spent all my goddamn money  without talking to me first!
I didn't spend all your money.
Oh, really?
Look, just calm down.
I've got a drink for you.
You got a drink for me?
I've got some rum.
Look, get it out!
Just wait.
What do you mean, just wait?
Five, four, three,  two, one...
How the fuck did you do that?
He's like fucking clockwork.
He's ex-SAS Special Ops.
He's trained to sleep with his eyes open  in case he has to fucking kill somebody.
He's nuts.
This is actually pretty good.
I mean, it's kind of like camping, but it's your home.
Why don't we stay here for a few weeks,  turn it into a family vacation?
I think it would be good for all of us.
Rick, if you think  that I'm going to spend the next three weeks  going to the bathroom and having bird-baths at Tim Hortons,  you've got another thing coming.
It's not happening.
Look who it fucking is.
What the fuck do you want, George?
You here to sucker-punch me again,  you fucking pussy?
I was out of line.
Oh, you're here to apologize, are you?
Well, that's good.
But I'm not falling for that bullshit again.
Ricky, I'm not here to apologize.
I'm here as an officer of the law  to tell you that you can't stay here.
This is private property.
You've got to be fucking kidding me.
Listen, Ricky, this is not a stable environment  for a young lady about to have a baby.
Trin, why don't you and your mother  come and stay at my place  - just until you have the baby, at least. fuck you, George.
I'll have a stable environment for my family by the end of the day.
Let's go.
Everybody in the car.
You find your own fucking family. fucking sucker-punch throwing, dick-licking,  stupidest dummy on planet fucking Dumb-Dumb! fucking dick!
Come on, don't fuck me around again today!
I thought you might need a tow, Rick.
Well, I thought you might need a "fuck off"!
I can't believe my trailer's been taken over  by sweaty old people, Bubbs!
Julian, I was trying to be like you.
I was trying to make a nice...
Oh, you were trying...
Guess what?
You fucked up!
This isn't me, Bubbs!
Oh, Julian, there's lots of space in my place here,  you can live with me.
That would be perfect.
Bubbs, you don't understand.
I can't fucking live here like this.
What do you mean?
You can't live in the park at all?
How the fuck did you let all this happen?
This place is fucked!
How is it my fault?
All right.
I know you didn't mean to screw up.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I can stay over at Ricky's place  until I can figure this out.
Yeah, you could live right there.
That would be okay.
All right, I've got work to do.
Do you want to come with me?
Yes, I'd like to do that  but will you be back by lunch?
It's Mushroom Melt Monday.
It's a big day.
We'll be back in a couple hours.
Hey, Julian.
The damn fan-belt snapped!
We tried pantyhose, know what I mean,  but that didn't wizzork neither.
Party Bus will be back bouncing  but it won't be till the end of the day, dawg.
All right, we'll take my car.
We'll have to make a few runs.
You coming?
Right in the bird.
Hey, Julian.
Hey, Jimmy.
Hey, what up, Hogan's Heroes?
Julian, word around the park is that... you're not happy with the new Sunnyvale.
What are you talking about?
I think it's fucking amazing.
Can I have my glass back, please?
Of course.
Listen, Julian.
Barb and I have been talking.
We know there's no way  that you're going to be happy in the new park.
So we're willing to make an offer to buy you out.
It's tempting, but...
Jim, I'm...
I'm not going anywhere.
I love the changes you guys made to this place.
I mean, plus, my share's probably doubled,  maybe even tripled because of you guys.
It'd be crazy to fucking sell them.
Look how fucking clean that is.
Yeah, she's some clean.
Clean like your mamma's titties.
Thanks for all the hard work you're doing.
You guys are doing a great job.
I can't believe he's changed.
Don't kid yourself, Jim.
This war's just getting started.
Couldn't you have found a cheaper place to store it than a motel?
Hey, it ain't a motel no mo', it's a sto-mo now.
Five-O don't even know, yo.
He means it's a storage motel.
The cops don't know about it, it's cheap.
How much Roc Vodka have we got left?
Hey, we couldn't keep Pizomegranate on the shelves, huh?
But Booberry we got lots of, know what I'm saying,  'cause it turned motherfuckers' tongues blue.
All right, cool.
We'll be able to flip that this afternoon.
Welcome to the greasatorium, Julian.
We're in 27, yo.
How greasy is this place, Julian?
A fucking shithole.
Grease Manor.
Hey, motherfucker, you owe me money!
Tommy, Tommy, Tommy.
It's me.
Put down the goddamn slingshot, man.
Hey, Jules, my brother!
What's happening?
What's up, man? fuck, you look good, bro!
Nice ride.
Now, look.
I know I owe you some storage money  but do you think I can just grab my shit and I'll get you back?
Are you serious?
Come on, man, are you fucking?
I can never tell when you're fucking with me.
Tom, I can flip this shit this afternoon,  I'll pay you the whole thing by the end of the day.
Oh, man, I'd love to help you boys out,  but you know, it's just this...
Come on, I'm running a business.
I know.
Hey, look.
I know, but look.
I'm going through some hard times right now. fuck, Jules, everybody's going through hard time.
That's why they leave their shit with me.
Now come on, this is a business.
You understand that?
I understand,  but it's me.
Look, have I ever fucked you over?
No, I haven't.
Just give me the keys to your car for collateral.
That's all.
How the fuck are we supposed to sell liquor  without a ride, Cousin Larry?
Those work great.
I'm not going to sell booze  out of fucking ice cream bikes, Tommy?
Come on!
Julian, just hang on.
That could fucking work.
That could work.
We could sell it at the park that way.
Yeah, it's going to work out great, man.
I'll give you enough product to flip.
You just pay me back at the end of the day.
We're good.
All right.
That's the least I could do for a friend, pal.
Thanks, Tommy.
Check it out!
I'm Ice Cream Fonzy!
His name is George.
Well, I just can't believe you're taking that fuckhead's side!
I'll take a small white fonda.
That fuckhead who took care of us  while you were in jail?
Yeah, I am!
Well, I'm going to take care of this family from now on.
I'm going to ask my new boss for a little fucking advance  and get a place for this family by tonight, I promise.
Thanks for the hash.
You're just getting an ice cream for yourself  and not thinking about anybody else?
Lucy, I don't have any money.
It's not for me.
It's a gesture with my new boss.
You know what, Ricky?
George is right.
Boys, wait up!
All right, here you go, man.
All right?
Perfect, that will do.
I've got nothing left, sweetie.
Sorry, fellas,  I got no ice cream for you.
Then bust me a pint of liquor, bitch!
Pint of liquor?
I don't think you're of legal drinking age, are you?
Are you legal getting knocked the fuck out age?
Jesus Murphy, how old are you?
How old are your mamma's titties?
Okay, that's just cold.
My God.
Listen,  I don't sell alcohol to minors.
I'm sorry.
Then we out!
Googly-eyed bitch.
Jesus Murphy!
How's it going, Bubbs?
How's it going?
I only sold two bottles of liquor  and those two little fellas  just verbally bitch-slapped me.
Don't worry, y'all!
I called for back-up.
Br-r-rap, br-r-rap!
Br-r-rap, br-r-rap!
Br-r-rap, br-r-rap!
That's right!
That's what's up, y'all.
Near the end of my police career,  I was drinking a pint of liquor for breakfast,  a quart for lunch  and a 40-ouncer for supper.
I was a mess.
I feel you, Jim.
I was the exact same.
God knows how many people I killed when I was wasted.
Mr. Lahey!
I tried to explain to Colonel Dancer  that I cannot wear shirts on my body 'cause I get a rash...
I got a rash!
Under the new regime,  it's imperative that all employees  wear the required uniform,  no exceptions.
Mr. Lahey, you own the park.
Tell him I can't.
I said no exceptions, soldier!
I'm not a frigging soldier  and you're not in the army anymore!
Disobeying a direct order from a superior officer  is in violation of the rules!
Now, you will go and de-weed a flower garden  or you will fill in a pothole  and you will look out for graffiti vandals  and you will keep that goddamn vest on!
I can't believe you didn't stick up for me!
You were saying, Jim?
Nice day.
He's been sober for six months.
He sends me flowers every week.
He's done a miraculous job  with Sunnyvale Villas.
It doesn't mean you have to spread your legs for him.
Sarah, not in front of the customers.
They don't care.
Do you?
Look, what do you even need a man for?
You've got us girls.
We should stick together.
I know I'm old-fashioned,  but I just think that a woman of my age  really, really ought to have a partner.
You're too young to be old-fashioned.
And you're too old to be attached at the hip  to some guy who's not even giving you what you need.
Am I right?
Like, have you even thought about what Barb needs?
Ooh, there's trouble!
How are you?
Come on right this way.
Sarah, can I talk to you for a sec?
Yeah, what's up?
I need you for a sec.
It's about Gladys.
She wants me to do some extra stuff.
'Cause Donna's doing it, she wants me to do it.
I ain't feeling it.
Look, you're going to make us an extra 60 bucks, T.
And you're going to make her really happy.
Oh, don't be a pussy.
You might even like it.
My height may be low Yeah!
My bike may be slow Hoo!
But when I'm rockin' on the mic  We stand fucking toe to toe  'Cause I'm hard as fuck, bitch  I ain't no hamburger platter  I'm hard as fuck bitch  And if you don't know me it don't matter  'Cause I'm hard as fuck bitch  You know me, MC Flurry!
He's actually a'ight, know what I mean? fucking great!
Get the fuck back in the vehicle! fuck off!
Just give me a second.
This thing's melting.
Hi, you must be Sharon.
I'm Ricky, the guy from jail  that sent you the letter over the world pipe  - down on the TVs with click-clackers.
Well, if it said Ricky on it, I guess it was me, right?
Anyway, I hope you like vanilla.
It's a little melty but tastes fucking great.
Jesus, what the hell do you think you're doing, Ricky?
Do you mind?
I'm trying to talk to my boss.
You don't see me coming down to your job  batting cocks out of your mouth, do you?
Oh, that's real funny.
That's a great set of wheels you got there.
They're new German... earthy tires.
You don't even have to pump them up.
Well, I've got a flatbed on the way.
I'm impounding this piece of shit.
It's not safe for the road.
You can't fucking do that!
I need it for work, for deliveries.
It's the only chance I have to get a fucking home for my family.
Well, I was talking to George  and he said I could drop your family off at his place.
Oh, my fuck!
This is just a fucking set-up, isn't it?
Well, you can tell George Green  that he can suck my fucking cock,  and you two dick-wipes can hold the fucking shaft while he's sucking.
How about that?
The position's no longer available.
Yeah, who's sucking it now, Ricky?
Who's sucking these?
Well, this is fucking great!
Now I'm laid off and I can't get pokey,  so I've got no money to get a place for my family to fucking live.
You know whose fault it is?
Butchy McBitch Tits, George fucking Green!
He sends his cocked ones here to fuck me!
Tony, what the fuck are you doing?
That's a new bumper!
Blow me, Ricky.
I'll fucking blow you, stupid toe-dick!
That's just fucking awesome!
Lucy, please don't fucking leave me.
Let me sort this bullshit out.
Nothing with you is ever going to change.
I have changed, I promise you.
I'm never going to break the law again.
I don't want to be a homeless grandmother, Ricky.
Lucy, please.
We didn't get a chance to bang yet.
I need to.
Step away from the car, Ricky.
You're fucking lucky  I don't charge you with assaulting a police officer.
For what?
Throwing flowers at two dicks? fuck off!
Is there any way I can get my money for today?
What the fuck's your problem?
I showed up.
Holy fuck.
Let's go, Jacob.
Man, I wish Cory was here.
Go get him, dumb-ass.
Oh, hell no, Julian, peep your whip, dawg!
Are you fucking kidding me?
Hell no!
What's going on?
What happened?
Tom, what the fuck happened to my car?
Oh, fuck!
Hey, man, I was at the mall.
I got back, your fucking car was stripped, bro.
That's a shame.
Tough neighborhood.
Is it?
You're the only one lives here, bitch over troubled water!
Explain that, bitch!
I'm going to pull your fucking head off!
Then we'll see what's up.
Julian, man.
Don't make me call the cops on you.
Oh, you're going to call the cops on me, you little fuck?
Well, you got a lawyer?
My money or a lawyer.
You know what?
Here's your fucking money, right?
Yeah, yeah!
Give me the fucking keys!
You're short.
What the fuck do you mean, I'm short?
You're short, man!
There's not enough there to cover the fucking late fees  on your storage unit, never mind your bike rentals.
Bike rentals?
Are you fucking kidding me, Tommy?
I'm running a business, bro.
This isn't no favor factory.
But, hey, 'cause we're friends,  I'm going to take a couple bucks off your parking fee for today  but get out of here by tomorrow  'cause someone might want to park here. fucking kill you!
You stay the fuck out!
Bring it on, you little fucking weasel!
Get back!
Whoa, put that down!
Somebody's going to lose an eye!
You want your liquor?
Pay me, bitch!
I'm coming back, Tommy.
You're lucky I don't want to go to fucking jail,  you little slimy fuck!
Can't wait to see you, handsome!
Oh, you greasy son of a whore.
Greasy bastard!
Oh, fuck you!
Thanks for helping me out, man.
Hey, dude, no problem.
You call any time, I'm there.
Almost there, boys.
This is where we're trunking down for the night.
My sunburn, dude.
Sometimes when the old man got super banged up,  I couldn't take it.
So I'd run away for a few days  and come and chill out here.
Holy fuck, it hasn't changed a bit.
Look at this place!
It's fucking perfect!
Where are we going to use the bathroom?
Where are we going to sleep?
Well, there's a hose out back  and if you and Jacob want the couch, you can have it  or we can all make beds out of hay  like the fucking Vike-nings used to do.
Dad, I think maybe I should go stay with Mom  just until the baby's here.
If you want to go stay with George, I'll understand.
I just thought maybe we could, you know,  kind of come here and live the way people used to. a hundred billion years ago  they didn't have fucking houses or cars or anything.
This is the way they did it.
They fucking lived in barns.
How long would we be here for?
Just for tonight, I promise.
A week or two, tops.
What do you think?
I don't.
We should probably listen to your dad.
What do you think?
I love you so much.
I think we've run a... very successful campaign, Colonel.
The smell of victory is in the air.
Oh, let's not get ahead of ourselves, Jim.
Do you want to know something funny?
Randy actually does get a rash if he wears a shirt.
Well, maybe we can cut him a little slack.
Everyone has to follow the rules, Jim.
No exceptions.
That's how wars are won.
Some people suffer.
That man is weak  and a disgrace to his uniform.
To hell with that feller.
I appreciate you sticking up for me, Mr.
I'm done taking orders from you, Colonel Sandals.
What's that smell in the air now, Jim?
See, Trin, this isn't too bad, huh?
George thought I couldn't find you a stable environment,  fucking cock goggle-wearing shit-lasso! fuck him!
You're going to be the best grandfather ever.
I love you.
Holy fuck, check it out.
Look at the cute little puppy.
That's not a puppy, Dad.
What is it, a horn-dog?
No, it's a goat.
I've heard of those fucking things.
Willy goats.
Check it out, little buddy.
I've got something for you.
Hey, Cory.
Wake up, dude.
It's getting late.
You should get back to the trailer park. it's dark.
How am I supposed to find my way back?
Uh, you follow the fucking stars.
The stars don't move, dude.
No shit.
That's why you fucking follow them.
Even he knows that.
All right.
Well, see you, Jacob.
Have fun with your family.
See you whenever.
All right.
Cool, man.
There you go, little fella.
Check it out.
Here, why don't you just crawl in here?
You can sleep here for the night.
I'm going to name you Willy.
You're like a double unicorn.
What's that?
I can't understand you.
What did you say?
Oh, you want a drink?
Do you want to smoke a joint?
I've got hash and weed.
What do you want?
You want both?
Let's get fucked up!
I'm a little bit nervous being out here in the woods  you know, with all the Samsquamptch sightings,  but I don't really have a choice.
The seniors are digging my pancakes.
They think they're the best pancakes this side of Quebec,  and they fucking are.
It's 'cause of one thing.
It's 'cause of my syrups.
The different syrups I make.
You know, most people make, like, a maple syrup  but I've been tapping different types of trees, with a little bit of hemlock for a little tang.
And I've been adding spruce gum, you know.
It makes it chewy and it's nice on their gums.
They get in there, chewing it,  and it soothes their gums, you know, so it's...
...the fuck is that?
Something's fucking with my buckets.
What the fuck?
You can smell him.
It's a Samsquamptch.
He's a gassy son of a whore, too.
I should just get out of here.
Oh, my fuck.
Holy shit!
Samsquamptch's fur.
The cocksucker was probably sucking right on the tap.
Holy fuck...
Look at that.
He's a fucking 8-to-10 footer.
Where are we going to go?
We've got to get the fuck out of here!
Careful with that stuff, little buddy.
That weed's from the captain's cupboard.
Did you have a good sleep?
Just give me a minute, T.
Hey, sweetheart, you're up early.
It's almost noon.
What's wrong with you?
What is it?
Well, Trin's just worried that...
My daughter can speak her own words out, dick snot.
What are you worried about, Trin?
You know that I love you and I want to stay with you  but you promised we'd only be here for one night.
And now you're hanging up artwork.
You're not going to have your fucking baby in a goddamn barn.
T's outside right now.
Me and Jacob are going to go with him.
We're going to do whatever the fuck it takes  to find a place for this family to live.
Please don't do anything illegal and go back to jail.
You have to promise me.
I promise that I won't do anything illegal.
If you need anything,  you can get us on channel 7, all right?
Just try to relax.
You need to relax, Trin.
Just watch some movies with Willy or something.
Come on, let me see that beautiful smile.
I love you.
I love you, too.
All right, we'll see you soon.
And Willy, if you've got to piss, bud, remember to go outside.
I love you more than everything.
See you soon.
My Cutlass was in mint condition,  and now it's on fucking blocks  with no doors and no wheels!
Serious prick-play, man.
So is there anything legal I can do here?
Can I sue him, or...?
Well, I mean technically it's a conflict of interest  because I represent the little piss-cutter in some other matters.
But he has fucked over some other people I know.
Look, what if I told you instead of just getting your stuff back,  you could acquire the entire property?
How the fuck am I going to do that?
Ah, well, well, well, well...
Tommy is six months behind on his mortgage payments.
He's almost two years behind on his property taxes.
Now, say a fella like yourself were to walk into a bank with a contract,  that I could draw up, you know, for a small cash fee,  stating that you could catch up on the mortgage payments  and clear any outstanding taxes,  why, you could steal that place from under that little dick worm.
What do you think, yeah?
It sounds good but...
I don't have any fucking money.
You've got shares, don't you?
Man, I wish I could take you guys right in the park, man,  but that Leslie dick is fucking crazy.
He searches the car every time now, man.
It's all good, T.
I'm going in old school, man.
Leslie can suck it.
Just pull up by that manhole there.
Holy fuck!
This weighs a fucking ton!
What the fuck are you doing?
Just get it off!
Here, give me the fucking thing!
Son of a fucking whore!
It's not that heavy, you fucking pussy!
All right, thanks.
Good luck.
I'll meet you guys on Slutson Road.
Call me when you finish at the bank.
Right on.
Thanks, man.
Hey, Bubbs, what you doing?
Protection, Julian.
I'm not letting any 10-foot, slimy slut of a Samsquamptch  take me the fuck out.
Bubbs, th-they don't exist, man.
Oh, they don't exist?
Well, look at that.
You tell me what that is.
Smell that.
Jesus Christ!
What the fuck is that?
It's fucking Samsquamptch hair.
It was all over my fucking maple syrup taps.
And you saw one?
Mmm, I didn't see him, but I fucking smelled him.
Gassy whore!
Do I even have to ask you  why you have a fucking greasy lawyer coming out of there?
It's just a business thing I'm doing.
But, listen, man, I need to borrow some money off you, okay?
Just for a few days.
Jesus Christ, I don't have money to lend you, Julian.
Come on... fuck you!
Hey, boys.
Can't keep me out of the fucking park.
I'm too smart.
Hey, dude.
What's up?
Where's Jacob?
Do you know if we're hanging later?
No talking, Cory.
Hey, Bubbs.
Ricky, what the fuck are you doing here?
Are you insane?
I just was wondering  if I could borrow 200 bucks to get my car back?
What am I, a fucking bank?
You need money too?
What do you mean, "too"?
I need money for this little business thing I'm setting up.
I guarantee it's way more fucking important  than getting your car back.
More important?
I need my fucking car back to find a place for my family to live  and get them out of the barn.
How's my trailer?
Are you comfortable in there?
It's pretty cozy, actually.
Boys, calm the fuck down.
Look, I've got about 400 fucking dollars to my name  but I need that for my Eon's payment.
I can't be doling it out to people.
I'll have it back to you by the end of the day, okay?
I need my car in order to go... to work.
I know what that means when you start doing that, Ricky.
Fumbling your fucking words.
How about this:  I take the 200, get my car back, then I can go... work,  get that money, I'll give it to Julian,  he'll be "repawnible" to pay you back.
Look, you get me the money by this afternoon,  take me to the bank, I'm good with that.
What do you say, Bubbs?
Come on, buddy. fuck's sakes!
I'll loan you the goddamn money...
...only because I love you guys,  but I don't trust either of you as far as I can fucking throw you.
So I'm coming with you to make sure you don't do anything fucking stupid.
Oh, fuck, here we go!
Ricky, do not fuck with this guy.
I bet you think you're so clever, infiltrating this compound!
Well, bully for you!
How did you do it?
Actually, I just closed my eyes and dreamed my way in, dick lunch!
You're in a whole lot of trouble, Richard.
Do something stupid, dick weed.
I dare you.
Listen, Colonel weird fuck.
I'm leaving.
Lucky for you I don't want any trouble.
I would destroy you.
You do realize you're old, right?
Sonny, I used to get piss-drunk on a crate of whisky  and take out 10 guys your size just for the hell of it.
That was in the Falklands in '82.
Or was it Grenada '83?
I forget.
One beachhead looks much the same as another... when you're drunk.
You know what else looks much the same when you're drunk?
Two of these fucking things. fuck you, fuck you, and fuck you, Mohawk.
Get the fuck out of my way!
He's one powerful brute of a man, isn't he, Randy?
You don't actually believe all of his ridiculous war stories,  - do you, Mr. Lahey?
Hey, boys!
Meet me on Slutson Road.
T's there in the Axi with Jacob.
Hey, Ricky, say hi to Jacob for me, okay? fuck off!
Just worry  about blowing up that cock.
Cory, forget about your little boyfriend for a sec.
I have to go do some stuff with Julian.
I'm going to leave you in charge of operations.
Do not fuck this up.
Cool, man, I got this.
All right, let's go, Bubbs.
Hey, Jules.
Hey, Jimmy.
How's it going, buddy?
I got some super news this morning.
Oh yeah, what's that?
Seems that there's an investor  who's very interested in buying Sunnyvale.
Are you fucking serious?
Only, it's kind of a sticky, shit-covered situation, Jules.
Why's that?
Well, it seems this investor's a straight shooter.
Everything by the book.
And I'm worried  that if he finds out about your extensive criminal record,  it might jeopardize our deal.
So Barb and I have been talking  and we wondered if maybe you'd be willing to sign over your shares.
I mean, they'd still be yours, just not on paper.
Why couldn't you have told me this yesterday?
I'm using my shares as collateral  in this little business thing I'm signing off on today.
Oh, man.
Look, I'm sorry, man.
But, if there's anything I can do for you...
Holler, man.
All right, let's go, Bubbs.
All right, Jacob.
Quick and dirty.
Let's hit that one first.
Cop car?
Yeah, they got full size spares  and they think people are too stupid to break into them.
You're not.
I'll show you the button to pop the trunk.
Let's go.
Quick, quick.
Why would he have to do a cop car?
'Cause he's fucked.
Take the spare tire and put it in the garbage  and it's pretty much legal.
There's a '70s Newport.
Same bolt pattern as the Yorker.
You've got your slim jim?
All right, get the fuck in there.
Ricky, what in your fucking brain  makes you think that this isn't illegal?
Well, maybe what he's doing is a little bit illegal  but I'm just collecting garbage.
I'm doing the city a favor.
Rick, Rick, Rick...
Oh, Jesus Christ.
What the fuck are you doing?
Hey, how's it going?
We're from CCA.
We're just here to replace your tire for you.
Well, I never had any flat tires, though.
Yeah, we thought that was a little weird but you called us.
No, I never called you.
Must be your wife or your husband.
How did you get into my car?
I don't know.
It's a good thing we came 'cause that tire's about to fucking explode.
It could've hurt somebody.
Hey, how are ya?
I've never heard of such a thing before.
It happens all the time.
It kills a lot of fucking people.
Actually, it's a good thing we came.
Got any smokes on you, bud?
I'm fucking dying here.
Yeah, I guess.
I'll take a couple there, if you don't mind.
Two, yeah?
And we'll get rid of that tire,  - so it doesn't blow up and hurt somebody.
Okay, I guess.
Just buy another one at the auto place or whatever.
Good job, Jacob.
Let's go get my car!
You know what?
It's really cool that Bubbles trusts me enough  to run this place all by myself, you know what I'm saying?
And it's going awesome!
The only thing is that I miss Jacob, though.
It's hard having him not much around lately.
Ricky, you can't take the car  until you fucking get it registered and inspected.
Yeah, sorry, boys.
It's right here in the police report.
Well, cut my balls and slap my cock!
What the fuck's going on, Reggie?
Hey, kitten-fucker!
Good to see you!
How long have you been out?
A couple of days.
Hey, this is fucking great timing.
You can really help me with this.
I just picked up a fuckwad of Purple Cheese clones.
You can move them for me.
Ohh, man...
This is probably the best clone guy in Canada.
I'd love to help you out, but I'm trying to go straight.
You're killin' me right now.
You're going straight?
You know, Ricky, why don't you fuck yourself straight?
I wouldn't mind picking up some clones.
Jacob, you couldn't get a "cactnus" growed.
Reggie, I can't be dealing with this bullshit right now.
I haven't even started work.
Are we cool here or what?
What, you want me to kill this?
If you can.
Yeah, fuck it!
We're cool, brother.
Good to see you, man.
You decide to start growing again, you know where to find me.
I appreciate it, but I'm done.
All right.
See you, Reggie.
See you, guys.
...give me baloney?
Or is that supposed to be liverwurst?
Oh, gosh, I don't know.
He's a busy, busy boy.
Hey, Barb, is Donna around?
Right there.
See you tomorrow, Sherry.
Thank you.
Have a good one.
I made you lunch, Donna.
Cheeseburger and onion ring egg rolls, my new specialty.
Jesus, Randy, a tossed salad would've been nice.
That greasy shit goes straight to my fuck-handles.
I was trying to do something sweet for you.
Oh, making me fat is sweet?
They sound delicious, Randy.
I'll eat them.
Thanks, Mr. Lahey.
At least someone appreciates my effort.
Oh, please, Randy.
You're going to start liking men again?
Stay the hell away from my work.
Mrs. Tremblay?
We're ready for you.
So how did it go with Julian?
Oh, not great, Barb.
But, say, I was thinking  of planking a salmon tonight for supper.
Can you come?
You silver-tongued devil!
Maybe make it an early night...
Well, we'll see.
Are you seriously thinking of getting back together with him?
Oh, I don't know, Sarah.
I just know it feels good.
And that's what I need right now: to feel good.
I'll see you same time tomorrow?
T, are you all right?
I'm all right.
You got any, like, gum or breath mints or anything?
You must be doing something all right  'cause we have three ladies booked for special massage  with you later today.
We're going to need something stronger than this shit, then,  'cause it ain't working.
Jesus Christ, Ricky, why the fuck do we stop here right now?
We need some...
We need some chips.
Oh, yeah?
You're stopping for fucking chips, are you?
This is for your family, Jacob.
So don't fuck this up, okay?
In and out, and we only need $300 or $400.
I'm nervous, Ricky.
I'm not good at this kind of thing.
You don't need to be fucking nervous.
Just tell them we're borrowing the money,  we'll pay it back in a couple weeks.
Should be cool.
Can't get in much trouble for that.
Guy that works here is really stupid, should be all right.
Get some food.
I'm starving.
And some other shit.
Jesus Christ!
Does he have a mask on?
Oh, my God!
I guess Jacob knows the guy in here.
He's going to borrow some money and other shit.
Why has he got a mask on, then? my ...ter broke...
What the fuck did she say? fuck, I think she may have said her water broke.
Water broke?
There's no plumbing in the fucking barn.
How the fuck does the water break?
No, Ricky.
That means she might be having the baby.
Get in!
What the fuck?!
Holy fuck!
If you can hear me, we'll be right there.
Don't panic.
Everything's going to be okay.
Get me out of here! fuck, Jacob, what did you do?
I know that's you, Trevor!
What the fuck, Ricky!
I'm sorry, boys.
It's for our family, I had no choice!
Will you fuck off with the throwing shit!
You throw one more fucking thing, I fucking bury you! fucking goof!
That guy fucking jammed on me!
Oh, man, am I cut bad?
Would you shut the fuck up, Jacob!
Trinity's water just broke.
I thought there was no plumbing in the barn.
Oh, Jacob, you stupid fuck-piss!
She's having the baby.
Can you hear me?
If you can hear me, try to keep that thing in your body.
We're almost there, sweetheart.
Go around.
We're almost there.
Hang on, Trin!
Daddy's here!
Everything's gonna be all right.
Hang on, Trin!
Go, Jacob!
Hey, hey, hey!
What's going on?
Ah, fuck!
Oh, fuck!
I'm fucking shot again! fuck this!
Jesus Christ, Ricky, where are you shot?
Hang on, Trin, I'll be right there!
Hold your fire, asshole!
Will you fuck off with the fucking shotgun!
My daughter's baby's about to get fucking born in your barn!
Come on, Ricky.
For Merciful Christ!
Are you serious?
Holy fuck!
Does she sound like she's joking, you religious shotgun whore?
Holy fuck!
Maybe I can help.
I've delivered calves before.
Yeah, well, babies don't get born from your fucking legs, you idiot!
How's that going to fucking help?
Ahhh, ahhh!
Oh, my God!
Pick a lane, Julian.
Don't go too far, Willy.
An update, Jacob.
An update.
It's really close.
I can see its head.
Way to go, Trin!
A couple more hard pushes!
Come on, honey.
Bring that fucking thing into this world.
Come on, Trin. fucking come on.
You can do this, Trin.
Keep pushing, sweetie.
Oh, my fuck...
Oh, my God.
Oh, my fuck!
It's a baby boy! fucking awesome!
You're a grandfather!
We're uncles, Jules.
Take a sip, grampa.
Are you serious?
Yes, man.
Thanks, man.
Congratulations, Trin.
Congrats, Trin.
Congrats, my beautiful daughter.
A baby fucking boy!
Jesus Christ!
This calls for a celebration, boys.
What did you get, Jacob?
Air fresheners and chocolate coins.
Why didn't you steal some fucking cigars?
Sorry, Bubbs.
Rick, I need my drink back.
Oh, did I get some on him?
Sorry, little buddy.
You're going to be a little drinker and a little smoker?
Oh my God, he's been anointed in liquor.
Do you want to know something?
I am the luckiest man in the world.
I have a fucking gramson.
Not to mention, I mean, my beautiful daughter.
I have a new son-of-law.
I've got a wicked willy-goat.
I've still got Orangie here.
I mean, I don't really have a great place to live and...
I don't have Lucy back.
She's probably banging George.
Could even be banging him right now.
Anyway, from now on, my life is just all about family.
It's fucking awesome!
Want a hit, Orangie?
There you go, little buddy.
Here's your cash, man.
Here's your deed transfer.
Thank you.
And here's your, uh, insurance papers.
Just sign that for basic coverage.
Oh, and I checked into that other thing.
There's no investor.
I knew he was fucking bullshitting me, man.
You own a motel.
Hey, Tommy!
Oh, hey, Jules!
You got my greenbacks fast!
Hey, sorry about your car again, man.
Listen, I'll take 100 bucks off the parking fee, okay?
Or maybe I should charge you 100 bucks standing around fee  for trespassing on my motel.
What the fuck are you talking about?
This is mine now.
You shouldn't have been so fucking far behind on your payments, Tommy.
Now get off my property before I call the cops.
Hey man, you can't do this.
What about all my shit?
Don't worry, you'll get it back.
But it's going to cost you.
Business is business, brother.
You're a back-stabbing, conniving shitfuck, Julian!
I will dent your fucking sku-- Oof!
Go sell a bag of beans, you pill-popping little fuck.
I will fucking destroy you!
Who the fuck do you think you're dealing with, man? fuck you, Tommy B.
You motherfucker, I'll get you!
Holy sweet flying fuck!
What was I thinking leaving Cory Cockbutter in charge?
Calm down...
Calm down!
What the hell is going on?
What the fuck is going on?
Everybody just calm down for a minute.
I can't, dude, I'm scared.
Bubbles, what the hell's going on here?
This is a serious noise violation  that will result in fines if you do not get this under control!
This little shit-guzzler  has been fucking up big time all day  and we are not taking it any more.
Okay, just everybody calm down, please.
I obviously shouldn't have left him in fucking charge  'cause he can't do anything right.
I'm going to put on free breakfast and coffee for everybody  in the morning to make up for this.
Cory, get the fuck down here and apologize.
I'm sorry for this, Colonel Dancer.
Look, everybody listen.
I'm very sorry.
It's just... it's really hard... you don't understand  when you have to run a place like this by yourself.
Oh, shut up, you fucking little cry-baby!
Bubbles, if this happens again, there will be a hefty fine.
Are we clear?
Crystal clear.
And let's keep a watch on the swearing, shall we? fuck you.
That was just...
She's just clearing  - her throat, sir.
You're lucky she didn't beat the living shit out of you.
You're fucking right.
Well, I may yet.
What do you think, little buddy?
Thanks for the fur.
How's the new granddad doing?
Where is everyone, man?
They're at the hospital.
Trinity's staying there overnight.
Want a drink?
What the fuck is that thing?
It's a fucking hair bear, man.
They were huge in the '80s.
The old man couldn't afford a real one, so he made me one.
I loved the fucking thing, so I'm making one for Trin's baby.
Are you okay?
I figured you'd be partying your ass off,  - celebrating, man.
Yeah, I'm fine.
It's just...
I promised Trinity I wouldn't let her fucking baby get born in a barn.
I still have no place to live.
I guess now I'm going to end up taking her to fucking George's house,  that family-stealing slut donkey.
Well, I've got a surprise for you, man.
I just bought a motel.
You guys can all come and live with me, even this little fucker.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Yeah, I bought it.
We can all live there, work there together.
No more Lahey-Leslie bullshit.
We'll live a clean life, man.
Holy fuck!
Are you serious? fuck, yeah! fuck, Julian...
You really are an awesome friend, man.
My family fucking thanks you.
Yeah, it's no problem, man.
Hey, man, do you want to smoke a joint to celebrate? fuck, yeah!
Weed, hash or fucking oil?
You pick.
I can't fucking smoke three at a time.
Here, take these fucking things, you lunatic.
Thank you, Tyrone.
No problem, Ms.
I got you.
Oh my God!
Hey, Barb.
How was the girls' night?
What's the matter?
Randy and I were just practicing  for a play in the bl...
Sorry, Barb.
Things got a little out of hand.
A little out of hand?
Oh, my God!
And to think that I was going to sleep with you again!
Look, I'm ready when you are, Barb.
Oh, my God!
You said that it was over between you and Randy!
See you later, Mr. Lahey.
Well, needless to say,  we're done, Jim Lahey!
I guess this calls for a little drinkie-poo.
You guys all set?
Mow-Em-$ayin's up and rolling, Jules, y'know I mean?
We got lawn mahfuckers, we got whizziper-snizzipers  to fuck over the flowers in the park, y'know m'sayin'?
And check it out, dawg.
We even got hard tack to look like hard crack, huh!
This shit don't look like crack.
Have you ever even seen crack?
Fuckin' rights, I seen crack.
When I was in the joint, that's what's real.
You been to jail, white boy?
Fuckin' rights.
Three times, my man.
Last time was for assaulting a police officer, too.
Oh, shit.
You beat up a Five-O for real?
Mahfucker stepped to me, you know I mean?
What was I supposed to dizzoo?
In that moment I was, like...
I can try to run for my lice  or I could b-bap.
So that's what I did and he went down flat on he back.
I took the mahfucker out.
He must be still in the hospital.
He is, man.
But for different reasons.
He has some personal issue.
But the point is, I didn't want to tell you, dawg.
You know why?
I don't want you to copy my lice.
I want you to have your own lice.
That's why I want you to do as I si-zay,  not as I di-zoo, dawg.
And that's what's up.
Don't worry, I won't do that shit.
All right, we gotta roll, you guys.
You ready, fam?
Collect your crack, put it in the baggy.
The rest, we'll leave these mints as a treat  for when we get back, a'ight?
Maybe we'll go through drive-thru  - and get a slushie on our way.
Don't forget your crack.
And remember what I said.
Five-O step to you, you talkin' about,  "I found it on the ground, I'm lookin' for a public trash to put it in."  - A'ight?
Nice fucking work, Jacob, man!
You're really starting to get like Hank at this.
Who's Hank?
I don't fucking know him personally, dummy.
He's the guy they talk about when you get good at something.
Anyway, man, good job.
This is fucking awesome.
It feels good not to be breaking the law anymore.
You're such a great granddad, Ricky.
Thanks, man.
Hey, Ricky.
Look, man, that appraiser's coming to Sunnyvale today,  so we've got to make sure that inspection doesn't go well.
I'm going to need you to help J-Roc fuck over the park.
I can't go to the fucking park today.
I'm supervising Jacob.
He needs me.
You know how fucking dumb he is.
No offense, Jacob.
All right, it's not a big deal, I guess, you know.
It's probably not going to be that big of a deal  for you to tell Lucy that it was all your fault.
What was my fucking fault?
That the park was sold to some company  because you couldn't come up with a way  to fucking scare the appraiser off.
Like fuck I can't.
That's a fucking joke.
I can do that.
All right, then.
Okay, so I can do whatever the fuck I want?
Just don't go too fucking crazy.
Julian, could I have a little word with you?
Is everything okay?
It's, um...
It's Jim.
Apparently, he got drunk last night  and apparently he and Randy...
That's horrible.
That's awful, Barb.
I'm real sorry to hear it.
Ah, It's fine.
It's fine, I'm fine.
It's good, actually.
Um, it's just...
I could use your help showing the park to the appraiser today.
Can you... can you... can you do that, Julian?
I'd love to,  but I've got way too much shit to do here, Barb.
Oh, Julian, please.
I really need this deal to go through.
I'm done with Sunnyvale.
Please, Julian.
All right, for you.
I'll help you out.
But just one condition.
This comes in with me.
Oh, thank you!
Everything will be okay.
How much...
How much longer,  for Christ's sake, Bubbles?
It's not going to be much longer now.
Just make sure you've got your money out, everybody.
I could eat the arse out of a goddamn skunk!
Jesus Christ, it's a lunch buffet.
It's going to be ready at lunch.
I've got a big, dirty buffet happening today.
It's coming down to the fucking wire with Eon's.
I've got to make a payment on that shed  and the furniture and all the shit I bought  or I'm going to fucking lose everything.
Larry, put the fucking chips down!
Sorry I'm late.
I overslept.
30 or 40 seconds might constitute "overslept".
Three hours  is direct insubordination, soldier.
I'm not a frigging soldier.
I'm an assistant trailer park supervisor.
Why do you smell of liquor?
Did you bring alcohol into this park again, soldier?
No, I didn't bring alcohol in this park.
And my name is Randy, you frigging jerk.
I want my walkie back.
You had no right to take it, Leslie.
It's my personal walkie.
You will address me as "Colonel"!
I did not do four tours of duty in the Gulf  to be disrespected by some hairy-assed bowling ball.
Four tours?
I thought you told Mr. Lahey you only did two.
You know the drill, Julian.
Ditch the drink.
Leslie, why are you dressed like that?
I've got appraisers coming to look at the park today  and I want them to see it as warm and inviting,  not a bloody army base.
With all due respect, a rule is a rule.
Well, with all due respect, Leslie,  are you an employee of this park or not?
My mission is to maintain...
You're not on a mission.
You were hired to do two simple tasks,  one of which was to keep Jim Lahey sober,  which you failed at miserably  because he got drunk last night.
Some would say wasted!
And made some bad life choices!
So would you please go over to Jim's trailer  and keep him there,  and let the adults take care of the park.
Open the goddamn gate!
Close the goddamn gate!
I'm in charge of fucking over the park  when it get appraisalled today  and, as luck would have it, it's piss-jug season.
I've done more community service than anyone  and over the years I've figured out the scientifics of it.
Truckers grab coffee in Moncton  but don't have time to rock a piss and three hours later,  they're coming through here and they can't hold it.
My old man used to call it Piss-Jug Alley.
Dude, look what I found.
No fucking way!
This came out of the old man.
Looks like he was fucking drinking, too.
Home-made fucking wine.
Good find, Cory.
The old man's fucking piss.
Neapolitan Charlie, that's not for fucking with.
Hey, Bubbs.
Julian, check out the line-up.
A couple more hours like this,  I'll be able to squeak by for a few more weeks.
Look, buddy, you've got to wrap this up as soon as possible.
There's going to be some shit going down soon.
What kind of shit?
I don't know exactly but Ricky's coming by to do some stuff.
What the fuck are you talking about?
What kind of stuff?
Hello, Mister, uh...?
Pencock, Ron.
Ah, Mr. Pencock.
Well, I am Barb Lahey  and welcome to, uh, to Sunnyvale Villas.
I'm so glad that you could be with us here today.
Nice to meet you, darlin'.
You must be Jim.
No, I'm Julian.
Ah, yeah, this is Julian.
He's one of the shareholders here at the park.
And who do we have here?
So where would you like to begin first?
Oh, the best thing would probably be to...
Oh, bottle kids!
Get going, you little bastards!
I am so sorry, Mr. Pencock.
We have never, never had that happen here before, ever.
I did not see that one coming.
What have you done, Jim?
Frig off!
Take my walkie, you frigging psycho.
Richard Dawson?
Jim Perry?
Fergie Oliver?
What the frig?
I'm not going to buttercoat this, Jacob.
What we're about to do is as dangerous as fuck  but it's for our family, so it's worth it.
Why in the fuck are you crying?
I don't want to die, Ricky.
Jesus Christ, we're not going to fucking die.
I just meant we might get shot at or something.
Sorry, Ricky.
What the fuck is all that?
Mad Max shit, dude!
Nice fucking job, Cory.
All right, boys, let's get suited up.
Both of you take a hit off this, get in the zone.
Especially you, Jacob, you fuckin' pussy.
I'm not sure exactly what's going on here.
I can assure, you the seniors  usually take great pride  - in their yards, don't they, Julian?
I did think  it was an interesting bit of landscaping.
Well, I can assure you, Mr.
Pencock,  that we here at Sunnyvale  take pride in creating a sense of community.
This is not just a place to...
...to park your trailer.
Y'all want to buy some crack, fat boy?
Oh, we don't have any crack here at Sunnyvale!
What about the crack between them titties?
Just get right on that bus there, little man!
Hold your mouths, mahfuckers, y'know m'sayin'?
You don't do that, man.
Sorry about this, you know,  Barb's out of the loop lately with the gung activity.
But you know...
Don't worry about it.
All right?
I see.
Hey, Bubbs, how's it going, man?
It's not going great, actually, Julian.
Old people apparently like to put things on credit.
And J-Roc keeps driving up and down here  blasting "Clap Your Turd Cutter".
These people don't have turd cutters.
You haven't seen Ricky, though, huh?
No, I haven't seen him and that's just fine and dandy.
Why are you looking for him?
What's going on?
Jesus Christ, Ricky, where the fuck are you?
You guys ready to take it up a notch?
Hit them hard from the roof-tops.
Okay, let's hit them with everything we caught.
Dude, I can hardly move in this.
You'll be happy you had it on when a rubber bullet  tags you in the fucking bag, trust me.
I would like to apologize, Mr. Pencock,  and assure you that kids throwing bottles  and trying to sell crack here in Sunnyvale Villas  is not a normal occurrence.
So I'd like you to bear that in mind  when you're making your appraisal.
I make an unbiased assessment based on what I see  and give it to the client, ma'am.
Somebody will be in contact.
Can we give you some lunch for all your troubles?
Oh, I think that Mr. Pencock  has a lot of appointments to get to, Julian.
I probably should be getting going.
Come on!
All-you-can-eat buffet on the house, man.
Oh, I am a bit peckish.
Are you fucking insane?
Trust me.
Look at the size of him.
Just trust me.
Hah, I missed breakfast.
I fucking doubt that.
Ooh, what do we have here?
Oh, God, Jim!
I've been looking everywhere for you!
I'm sorry I drilled Randy...
Jim, please, not now!
As in Lahey?
At your cervix.
You must be Mr.
And he calls me Pencilcock.
Let's go. fuck off, Leslie!
Sweet potato!
What is happening?
Run for your lives!
Holy fuck, this thing's awesome, Cory.
What did you say it's called?
It's called a canapulp, dude.
It's Roman.
Leslie, you're supposed to be protecting this park!
Oh, Mr.
Pencock, I am so sorry!
This has never...
Yeah, I'm so...
Julian thought it'd be a good idea  to put Ricky in charge of fucking up the appraisal of the park.
And it was a terrible idea  'cause when you tell Ricky he can do whatever he wants,  his brain immediately goes to piss.
And the next thing you know  the fucking sky is raining down with piss-jugs.
And Ricky doesn't hold back,  he goes right to fucking Piss-Jug Alley  and gets the gnarliest old pisses he could find.
Look at that.
That's a dehydrated piss, probably 20 years old.
Jim, what happened?
I want answers.
You want answers?
I think I'm entitled!
You want answers?
I want the truth.
You can't handle the truth.
Get it?
Jack Nicholsimp.
You were so close to retiring, goddammit!
Well, the truth is...
I did retire.
I retired from not drinking.
And you know what?
It feels fucking good.
The liquor feels like... like a familiar pair of slippers that you put on,  sitting in front of the fire.
The liquor feels... like a child's arms around your neck  with nothing to give but love.
The liquor feels like... it feels like home.
You know what, Leslie Dancer?
I don't think your services  are required around Sunnyvale anymore.
Pardon me?
I'm going to have to let you go, bud.
You're fired, Leslie!
Frig off!
You think you can fire me  in the middle of a war?
A war?
This is just a regular day in Sunnyvale, bud.
The mission is not accomplished  and I have no intention of going anywhere, soldier!
A colonel never leaves his post.
You're not a frigging colonel!
I found your military ID  that says you're only a private.
Wait a minute!
You're private--  [howling]
Don't you fucking say it!
Shut your goddamn mouth!
Shut your mouth, Randy.
The goddamn booze did this!
It needs to be destroyed!
Pick it up!
Pick it up now!
Hop to, fat boy!
Hop to!
Me, too?
You, too, you furball!
I can't fucking wait to see the look on George's face.
It's going to be fucking awesome!
Oh, sorry, Ricky.
I was supposed to put that in the garden.
The fuck is it?
It's call a ge-nome.
Lucy got it for George for his birthday.
What do you want, Rick?
We just sat down to dinner.
Oh, you guys have dinners, do you?
Yeah, we have dinner.
It's nothing major.
I'll say.
These are the cheap chicken fingers.
You can tell 'cause of the tiny little crumblies on them.
What do you want, Rick?
Nothing, really.
I just stopped by to tell Lucy  how fucking awesome I was today at the park.
And because I was awesome, we're going to get it back.
So I'm moving us, my fucking family, back there to live.
What do you think?
Okay, look.
Things here are going pretty well.
Um, it's warm and there's running water  and the baby is happy.
Lucy, I'm going to get my trailer back.
It's warm.
It's got running water.
And I'll get you guys fucking corndogs  and pepperoni and chicken fingers,  except I'll get the good kind,  not these old shitty ones,  these little fucking chicken sticks.
So let me guess.
You're banging him again.
Well, he's letting, us stay here, so...
You heard the lady, bud.
Probably just best you move on.
Trin, what about you?
I have to do what's best for Moe.
Maybe once you get your trailer back.
Let's dig in. fucking ge-nome shitty crumbly chicken stick  fucking family-stealing asshole.
Sorry, Georgie!
I accidentally flung your fucking birthday present  through your neighbor's window! fucking asshole.
It looks like this is the end of...
Do you want to know something funny, bud?
You can destroy this liquor  but you'll never destroy the liquor  'cause it's bigger than all of us.
It's bigger than you.
It's bigger than me.
It's even bigger than Randy!
It looks like we're out of liquor, buddy.
We better hit the LC.
We're gonna get drunk tonight.
Big time.
Let's go.
Oh, God!
Oh, God.
Oh, Donna, I'm sorry.
I didn't realize you were still back there.
My God, what are you crying for?
They just called about the appraisal, which is screwed.
And Jim is drinking.
Oh, men are fucked anyways!
Don't think about it.
I really thought that this time it was different.
Oh, look, I'm a mess!
Oh my God, don't be ridiculous!
Look at those lashes!
You're gorgeous!
Oh, yeah, look at my face.
Oh, I wish you could see yourself the way I see you.
You know what your problem is?
You need a nice massage.
Oh, God, I really don't, Donna...
Yes, you do!
Come on.
Honestly, Donna.
Let me give you a nice massage.
I just don't think I can...
Oh, you're so uptight!
You need a nice massagee-poo.
Come on...
Jesus Christ.
It looks like you did all right, considering, man.
No, I didn't do all right!
I'm fucked, Julian, thanks a lot, thanks.
Look, man, I'm sorry  but I had no idea Ricky was going to do that, okay?
We had to fuck over the park.
It had to be done, man.
Yeah, you borrow money off me,  which you don't even fucking pay back.
Then you wreck any chance I have  at making legitimate money.
Like, I'm fucked here, Julian.
Look at this.
My payments are due... what's that say?
Don't pay attention to that garbage.
Final Notice!
They'll give you an extension.
Oh, they'll give me a fucking extension, will they?
Listen to this.
This is a message from Eon's.
Your account is in serious arrears,  please make payment in full by tomorrow  or your account will be handed over to our collection department.
Thank you for not paying a cent at...
You know whose voice that is, Julian?
You know whose voice that is on there?
That's a computer's fucking voice,  which means they're not fucking around.
I'm in the system here.
This is serious!
Look, man, I'm sorry but I'm telling you.
I honestly did not know Ricky was going to do that.
Oh, you didn't know what Ricky was going to do, did you?
Hey, Bubbles.
How's it going?
I heard your buffet got fucked over today with the piss bombs  and I wanted to apologize, but I can't really  because Julian told me to fuck the park over  so it's all his fault.
Okay, buddy?
Talk to you later.
He's fucking lying.
I had nothing to do with the piss bomb attack.
You had to have known...
I did nothing, man!
You knew something was going down.
You know what, Julian?
I think I'd rather just be alone right now.
So just do a Michael Jackson, please.
Michael Jackson?
Beat it.
Are you serious?
Beat it.
No one wants to be defeated. fuck off! fuck off with the fucking noise!
Why the fuck can't you just go straight,  you tangly fuck?!
Jesus, Ricky, this looks fucked.
Can't you run the hoses inside the walls or something?
It's been a couple of hours.
What the fuck do you think I am?
Flash Lightning?
Who gives a fuck what it looks like, man.
I'm going to be able to take showers and...
You fuck off!
I know what I'm doing, Julian.
Trust me.
Yeah, okay, I trust you.
Good luck, man.
For fuck's sakes!
What the...
O-o-oh, there she is.
Hey, Barb, what's up?
Good morning, Sarah.
Tyrone, could I have a quick word with Sarah, please?
Yeah, you go ahead, girl.
I think Phoebe's ready for you.
Sarah, I found out what goes on  in that room back there, last night.
Barb, I know.
I totally should've told you.
Look, a lot of ladies are really getting off  on the service that we provide here.
Well, I am not surprised.
I have to say, I...
I quite enjoyed it myself.
Okay, wait.
Are we talking about the same thing?
Oh, I think so.
I have a whole new appreciation for Donna's talents.
I feel like a new person.
Go-o-o-od morni-i-i-ing,  Sunnyva-a-ale!
I am Colonel Leslie Dancer,  of the Halifax rifles 23rd  Halifax...
And I am in control of the park.
You are in complete lock-down.
Have yourselves a very happy sunny villa day.
What the fuck is that?
What in the fuck?!
Pass me the pipe wrench, Cory.
Which one's that?
It's the one that looks like a... stick that's talking.
Oh, I think it's this one.
I'm a wrench talking!
That's the one.
How the fuck are you two dum-dum  tarantula sluts not done yet?
I did everything else.
I got to do this fucking too?
It's all connected, Ricky.
Just making sure all the joints are tight.
Check it.
Holy fuck, nice work!
Running water, boys!
Nice work, Rick.
Great job, boys.
Those plants look fucking awesome!
Look how healthy they are.
Thanks for coming, Lucy.
Listen, do you want to come in that room over there for a second?
I just want to show you something.
It won't take a minute.
Ricky, I'm not going to bang you.
Not now.
I didn't say I was going to try to bang you.
I just want to show you this cool... rock that I found.
It's awesome.
Let's go.
Come on.
Cory, what the fuck are you doing?
Are you family? fuck off.
It's family day.
Sorry, Cory.
Hey, Willy.
That's cool.
Cory, let's go.
The net.
This is going to be awesome.
What's up, dude?
It's just you and me.
We can work on the motel or...
Hey, Bubbs.
Julian, you have to get the fuck to the park now!
I can't come to the park right now, man.
I've got Open House.
Oh, yeah?
Well, Leslie's here in a fucking army tank  driving over cars and shit!
I'm scared he's going to squash one of the oldies.
Or me!
He's in what?
He's in a fucking army tank, Julian!
He said the park's on lock-down  and he's crashing over things and squashing things!
You've got to get here!
I think he might have had a drink or two!
Jesus Christ!
All right, I'll be right there.
Okay, just hurry up.
Hurry up, I'm scared.
Okay, kitties, suit up.
Put your fucking hand down.
What do you want me to do?
I don't want you to do a fucking thing.
Well, should I check...
I want you to do nothing.
If you have thoughts telling you things to do,  - ignore the thoughts.
Got it.
What are you going to do with the thoughts?
Holy fuck, you're stupid!
Ignore them!
I need a lift to the park, let's go!
Let's go, let's go!
Hey, one second.
No, no, right now!
If anybody shows up before I get back, keep them here.
Close the fucking door!
You bastards.
Oh, my God!
What on earth is that?
Look, I know you don't like it in these things,  but this is not a drill, this is an emergency code red!
Emergency ground egress.
We've got to get out of here.
Holy fuck!
[Leslie indistinct]...
Oh, my God.
What's he doing?
I'm pretty scared, girls.
It's kind of making me hot, though.
Look at this place!
Nobody in their right mind  would ever buy it now.
Leslie, you crazy cocksucker!
Hey now, just, Leslie, you... fuck off!
My kitties are in here.
You fucking...
Hi, Moe!
Are you playing with Grampie?
Yes, I'm helping Grampa teach Jacob  how to plant weed clones, aren't I?
Hey, Willy, stay the fuck away  from those weed plants!
Jacob, Jesus Christ!
Sorry, dude.
Go play with some deerts for something.
What a perfect day for a picnic with the family.
My two favorite girls,  my favorite little man,  the sun is shining, the weed's growing,  got the good kind of chicken fingers,  not the shitty ones like George fucking had.
It's fucking awesome.
And I'm here.
It's great, Dad.
It's really perfect.
Leslie, you fuck off!
My kitties are in there!
Turn that off!
What the fuck are you doing?
Get out of there!
My kitties are in here and he's not squishing them!
Hell, mahfucker, it's like Tiananmen Square up in this, man!
Julian, what's going on?
Leslie's lost his goddamn mind!
Leslie, stop!
It's not... it's not me you...
It's me you want, not Julian!
How's retirement treating you, bud?
I'm not retired.
A good soldier never deserts on a mission  and this mission is not over.
What exactly is the mission, bud?
If you don't know, I can't tell you.
You drunken sot.
Ricky, aren't you afraid  someone's going to find all these weeds plants out here?
No one's going to be out this fucking way any time soon.
This is where people say they saw the Saskatchawaunch.
Wait, they said they saw that around here?
Dumb people did.
It's probably a stupid bear or a dumb gorillna.
Saskatchawaunches don't exist.
Yeah, but what if they do?
This is no place for a baby.
No way, we're out of here.
Let's go.
Mom, come on, they're not real.
You know what?
I don't want to take that chance.
What if they are real?
No, fuck that, we're out.
Lucy, come on.
Jacob, way to go, man.
Thanks for fucking bringing that up, you idiot!
What the fuck was that?
I don't know.
Where's Willy?
Dad, let's go.
I'm scared.
Everybody fucking relax.
Saskatchawaunches aren't bullet-proof.
Grab the camera, Jacob.
Oh, that's just great!
That's just...
Thanks a lot, Rick.
That's fucking great!
You think you're better than me?
You let the liquor back into your life, Jim,  and the liquor almost discharged me.
But guess what?
I challenged the liquor.
I taunted the liquor.
I took control of the liquor.
And I made the liquor my bitch!
And the liquor retreated.
I outdrank the liquor!
And guess what?
I will not be discharged!
Already are!
Time to go!
You lose!
You think you've won?
You think you're a winner?
Name one single solitary thing  that you've ever accomplished  in your infantile,  messed up little life that's been successful!
You're a loser!
That's it!
You're nothing but a frigging bully  and a bullshitter!
Let's go, Leslie!
You and me!
Right frigging now!
Oh, we're going tribal?
That's my specialty.
Once again, I am the one that suffers  because of the goddamn liquor.
Okay, Barb, it's not the liquor,  It's the men.
Think about it.
When we get loaded,  we don't end up driving tanks in our underpants.
Do you know what, Sarah?
You are completely right.
Men are at the center of all my misery.
Yes, who needs men?
Not this girl.
You know what, girls?
Let's take off.
Just the three of us.
Let's pack the car,  and drive off!
Okay, you know the special services  that we've been offering?
Well, we've saved up $6,000 in cash.
Oh, well, what are we waiting for?
Let's see where the road takes us.
No men allowed.
Like Thelma, Louise and what's his nuts.
Because only one of us is going to be walking out of here alive!
Bust him in the eye, Rand'! fucking give it to him, Randy!
Top a biff, Rand', sayin'!
Kick him where it hurts.
Do your shit, king!
Come on, do it, 1, 2, 3...
"Ignore all thoughts."  - "Ignore all thoughts." - [approaching vehicle]
"Ignore all thoughts."  "Ignore all thoughts"...
"Ignore all thoughts."  Hi.
We're here for the open house.
I know we're a bit early but...
Are you the owner?
No, he's not back yet, dude.
Well, okay, then.
We'll come back a bit later.
Uh, wait, no, actually, uh,  he said that if people come I have to keep them here.
But he also said do nothing.
So I don't really know what to do.
I've got to calculate.
One second.
Okay, you know what?
He said people stay here  after he said do nothing,  so I think that cancels it out.
So you can stay!
Well, that's great.
Do you mind if we have a look around?
No, go right ahead.
Actually, I'll show you  but I just have to ignore all my thoughts  - of showing you.
Let's go!
Holy fuck, they do exist!
There's one of those shit-covered sticky whores right there.
Release the goat, you asshole!
Do you see that fucking thing?
This is fucking crazy, Ricky!
You okay, little buddy?
Holy fuck, you smell like sweaty gravy.
The cocksucker must've got armpit juice on you.
Here, Jacob, you fucking carry him. fuck, he stinks!
Throw a punch, Randy!
Fuckin' crank him, Randy!
I'm not scared of you.
Rand', jack him, dawg!
You know what, everybody?
I found Leslie Dancer's military I.D.,  and he was never a colonel.
He was just a frigging private!
Hang on.
So he's...
Private Dancer?
Like, dancing for money?
Time to put you down, soldier.
Leslie, hang the fuck on!
Don't you hurt my Randy, Private Dancer.
It's Colonel Dancer, you...
Drop the weapon now!
Stand down, soldier.
You're pointing a weapon at a colonel.
Is that Private Dancer?
Private Dancer, lower your weapon!
It's Colonel Dancer!
Get him, Randy!
Say I'm a Private Dancer!
Randy's checking his oil!
Looks like he down a quart too.
Say it!
I'm a Private Dancer!
Get your goddamn thumb out of my a-a-a-ss!
High five!
No, no.
I can't believe he stole a fucking tank.
The war's not over yet.
Hey, Private Dancer,  [singing]
Endless jokes!
Randy, oh!
Thank God you're safe!
I love you, buddy.
Randy, I didn't know you were an Andr the Giant fan.
Who's Andr the Giant?
The thumb up the arse,  that's an old Andr the Giant move.
He used to do it to Hogan.
I don't know who he is, Bubbles.
Sir, we'd like you to come back to base  and make an official statement.
It would go a long way in putting this lunatic behind bars for good.
I'd be frigging happy to.
Hey, Randy, do you want me to come with you, bud?
I'm not going to be long, Mr.
I'll be right back.
Thanks a lot for protecting me, Randy.
Who's a loser now, Dancer?
So, we'll talk to the bank  and be back to make an offer.
Thank you, young man.
You've been very helpful.
Oh, thank you.
You know what?
No one's ever called me helpful before.
That's awesome!
Where is that fuckin' Julian?
We're moving in!
What's up, old people?
Excuse me, where are you going?
You can't go in those rooms.
Hold on!
I'm taking number 8  and I'm not paying that first month of rent either. fuck, buddy, I'm so sorry, man.
Oh, it's all right.
I guess it was... kind of too fancy for me, anyway really.
On the bright side, you can come live at the motel  with Ricky and I, you know?
Until we get everything figured out.
Yeah, I'd like that.
I love you, man.
Love you too, Julian.
Hey, Jim.
Hey, Julian.
You did it.
You always wanted Sunnyvale all to yourself.
It's all yours, bud.
You're a winner, man.
Let's go home.
Whassup, dude?
Dude, it was crazy.
We saw a frigging Sasquatch!
Ricky shot at it and scared it away.
It was nuts!
Are you serious, dude?
Oh, he's serious.
He uh,  he took care of basically everything.
I'm fucking turned on right now.
Can we do this right now, please?
Let's do it in the shower.
Cory, shampoo and two towels.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
No showers, dude.
All the seniors from Sunnyvale came  and they were stankin'.
They're all showering at once?
I hope you turned up the fucking pressure.
Well, I thought about it but then I ignored the thoughts  just like Julian said.
I did nothing.
What the fuck is wrong with your brain?
Go turn up the fucking pressure!
It's the other way, dummy. fuck off!
What the fuck?
What the fuck!
Way to go, Cory!
What the fuck's going on here?
Julian's going to fucking kill you, Cory!
Holy fuck!
Holy shit...
Oh, my fuck.
I'm sorry.
It's him!
Way to go, Cory!
You've just completely fucked the entire motel!
I didn't do anything.
The valves are all stripped, Julian.
I can't get it off.
The fucking floors are just done  Even the walls are getting all gummy.
It's done.
So you have no idea how this happened, huh, Rick?
It wasn't my fucking fault, okay?
Things just got fucked.
I wanted to get banged, things got hooked up  and then all these old cocksuckers took over the showers.
It's Cory's fault.
You told him not to think  and he didn't fucking think.
He fucked it up.
My fault?
No way, dude.
I did a good job, man.
I met two people today  that said I did such a good job  that they're coming back to make an offer.
Someone's going to make an offer?
Yeah, dude, I got your back.
Well, they're sure as fuck  not going to make an offer now!
You put that fucking hand down!
Thank you to whoever fucked up my hotel,  whoever you are.
How in the fuck  are we going to get Sunnyvale back now?
Thank you, guys!
Way to go, Cory.
Hey, Cory, great job.
Oh, right.
It's National Opposite Month.
You suck, dawg.
J-Roc, leave him alone.
It's all right, Cory.
I give up, man.
Guess it's just... me and you now, bud.
Got a nick... pickle  All the day... you have good luck...
I'll never fucking doubt you again, buddy.
It was a craziest fucking thing I've ever seent.
Forward fast through all this shit.
That's fucked!
I know I said I didn't want full insurance at the time,  but is there any way you can slide it on there now,  - for fuck's sakes?
Keep going.
Yes, I'll fucking hold.
Just hurry the fuck up!
Keep forwarding fast.
Where is it?
Past this shit.
I don't see anything.
Just a second.
It's coming up.
Hit go!
Hit go!
It's right here.
Look at that fucking thing!
My fucking God!
That's a fucking Samsquamptch!
I know!
Jesus Christ, Ricky, you got him.
What did he sound like?
It was just kind of groany and shit.
You should've smelt the fucking thing.
Oh, I know.
They're dirty, rotten, filthy whores!
It must be just a baby.
It's only like six feet tall.
My God!
All right, thanks a lot.
Cool, huh?
Flood insurance is a no-go.
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
What are we going to do now?
That Squamtch is out there.
He's worth a lot of money.
If he's only a six-footer,  I bet you we can take that cocksucker down. fuck off!
Bubbles: What the flying fuck are these guys doing here?
It's been three weeks, man.
I told them to come.
Hey, boys.
Good to see you.
Just stay the fuck out of our way today, all right?
They're going to be shooting Trin's wedding video for free, man.
Where the fuck is Jacob, man?
He should be doing this shit!
Probably working one of his seven jobs, I would assume.
Look, man.
You better not be a fucking cranky ass tomorrow, I'm telling you.
Well, it's kind of hard to be positive, Julian,  when you know you're getting fucking evicted soon and...  and your best friend...
Look, man, I'm going to figure something out, Bubs.
Bubs, look at me.
Look at me!
Listen, man.
I promise you,  It's going to be okay.
What would Ricky want us to be doing right now?
Wouldn't want us to be moping,  and crying, and all that shit, man.
He'd want us to be getting drunk and high  and celebrating that his daughter's getting married tomorrow.
And that's what the fuck we're going to do.
If he was here he'd probably be getting my belly too.
He'd definitely be getting your belly!
Come on!
Stop it.
The past three weeks has been pretty hard on all of us.
Especially Bubbles.
And tomorrow it's going to be a very, very emotional day.
So the best thing I can do for Bubbles  is to get him as drunk as fuck tonight.
It's hard to feel sad when you're hungover as fuck  and feel like shit.
The drunker I can get him tonight,  the better he's going to be tomorrow.
All right, you know what?
Let's do this up the way Ricky would want it, then. fucking right...
Right, he wouldn't want this, you know,  to be, like, a regular thing.
I know exactly what he would do to this.
He would want it to say that.
But it's missing something.
Bubs, come on!
What would Ricky put on that?
I don't...
Oh, Julian, I can't do that.
Yes, you can.
Ricky's been drawing cocks on things since friggin' grade two.
I've had then all over my face,  across my back, behind my ears.
Places I can't even see.
He even burnt one into me with a soldering iron  when we were nine years old.
You can still see the scar.
He wrote "cockpit" under it.
What do you think?
It's kind of small, man.
You can't even see it.
Put a couple more on there.
Ricky thinks small cocks are funnier.
Yeah, but he'd probably put a few more on there.
How many cocks would you prefer, Julian?
I don't know.
Three or four.
You would like three or four cocks, would you?
Just put them all over the place, man.
The more cocks the merrier, bud,  The more cocks the merrier, eh?
Would you fuck off!
You said you wanted three or four cocks!
Just listen, listen,  just put the cocks on there and put it on the car.
Julian wants three or four cocks!
Just take your block off, man.
This is...
This is awesome!
Check it.
I'm fucking stuck in the corner.
This is the best day life, man!
Right on, bro.
Hey, when do you expect folks to start arriving?
I don't know.
For what?
Stag party, dude.
Today's my stag!
I know, man.
It's awesome.
It's the best!
Well, and you're my best man.
Oh man, you're my best man, too.
That's so awesome.
No, I mean, like, best man best man, you know?
Best man times two!
Double it, baby!
Oh, shit.
No, Cory,  the best man's supposed to invite a bunch of guys  to come over and party with us, you know?
And I get lap dances, and drink till I puke. fucking awesome!
Okay, cool.
If that's what you want, dude, hey,  best man right here, man.
I got this.
It's going to be awesome, man!
Glue fist!
Hey, Mr. Lahey!
Hi, Randers.
I've got a surprise for you, buddy.
Check that out.
I spent 10 hours making that.
Randy, can I offer you a little drinkie-poo?
Mr. Lahey!
I spent a lot of time making this.
It's so you can get your paper route back.
I don't want my paper route back, Randy.
What do you mean?
You used to love that paper route.
I don't love anything anymore, Randy.
Mr. Lahey, it wasn't your fault.
Well, maybe it wasn't,  but I should be in jail along with Leslie Dancer.
Sarah: I'm going to get this one.
You suck!
I was aiming for that cup, okay.
I wonder what Jacob is doing right now.
Knowing those boys,  he's probably in a strip club getting titty shots.
Jacob would piss his pants  and go into convulsions if he got a titty shot!
Hey, Mom...
What are you thinking about?
I'm just thinking about how, like,  your dad used to really love titty shots.
And like...
When I was still working at the Aristocrat,  when I was dancing there, once he ordered 47  just to, like, impress me and... it worked.
Luce, you promised.
Lucy: I know...
I know!
Let's get wasted, girls!
Barb: Hello?
Lucy: Barb, you look like a girl who wants to have a shot of tequila.
Ah, no.
No, no.
I couldn't.
Come on, Barb.
You can stay.
I have got too many errands to do.
I just dropped by  (Singsong) to bring you the marriage licence!
Barb's been really great  through this whole Ricky ordeal, like...
Without her, I don't know what Trin  and the baby and I would have done, honestly.
She's been a fucking star.
Why is Lucy being so nice to Barb?
Like yeah, I know,  Barb said Lucy could stay in the park for as long as she wants to.
Well, that's Lucy.
What about the rest of us who've lived here our entire lives?
We're just supposed to leave the park?
Barb is a straight-up bitch.
You know what?
One shot won't kill you.
One shot leads to a whole bottle  and then I am back in the prison in Yarmouth.
Finger blasting for cigarettes.
I'm on the patch, Sarah.
Being in jail was fun at times.
I'm not going to lie, but,  when something major happens, like Ricky getting shot,  you realize who your friends are, and why.
And Candy and Donna?
Not my friends.
What matters to me now is this park.
This park is everything  Hi, Jim.
To what do we owe the pleasure, Barb?
Umm, well, I, uh,  I wanted to bring you this. it's 51% ownership of... of the park.
It is rightfully yours, Jim.
I don't want it, Barb.
Jim, are you sure?
My life's perfect right here.
I don't need anything else.
Well, if you're... if you're sure.
Good luck.
Oh, Jim.
Jim, I am so sorry for... for my part in all of this.
I never should have threatened you the way I did.
Sorry, Barb.
You were right.
Men shouldn't keep secrets.
Julian: Man, how the fuck did he do this?
Ricky could roll one of these while driving, smoking and eating a bucket of chicken, fuck's sakes.
I give up.
I can't do it.
I miss that white boy, you know I mean?
Give me that shit.
I'll do it, man.
Please, T.
Thank you.
Roll a few of 'em, man.
Man, that's depressing.
I ain't feel like this since, remember The Green Mile, when that big bald motherfucker had bugs coming out he moufs?
It's the same felling.
That movie's killing, man. fucking rights.
Bubs, get over here and do some shots, man.
You're depressing the fuck out of us.
Oh, fuck!
Pardon me, Julian.
Pardon me.
I didn't know... we were having a big fucking celebration here today.
Bubbles, you ain't havin' no troubles.
Slow down on the liquor, dawg.
I'm letting the liquor do the thinking.
Isn't that what Lahey does?
Hey, am I Lahey drunk?
You're getting there.
Okay, maybe I should just start pissing all over...
No, no, no.. don't be pissing in my bar, Bubs.
Pull up your fly.
Bubs, pull up your fucking fly!
I'll piss wherever the fuck I want to piss.
How about that?
Yeah, best man, dude!
Hey, there he is.
Jacob, get back here, man.
Drinks on the house buddy.
Get out your wallet, you're paying for these.
Why am I paying for them?
Because you're the best man, that's why.
Oh, so the best man pays for drinks, he pays for gay dudes.
He pays for everything.
He'll probably pay for my own death or something.
I don't...
Gay dudes?
What are you talking about, gay dudes?
Hey man, he wants a bunch of guys to come over  and give him lap dances and strip.
I don't think I asked for that, Cory.
I'm not even gay.
Cory, that doesn't even fucking make sense.
Why would the man want to sit around smashing pissers  on his stag party.
I don't know, man.
I don't judge.
I didn't ask.
Cory, you're worst best man I've ever seen in my life.
Hey, Tony.
It's Julian.
Yeah, you got Dazzle and that other one working tonight?
What's her name?
The one that gets the grinding going real good.
Yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
They are?
Right on.
Send them over.
J-Roc: Ray!
Jacob 'bout to get he wood carved, y'all!
Various: Yeah!
Cheers, boys!
Get his wood carved...
He means his bird.
This is probably gonna be the last time  I get a chance to say anything to you, Ricky.
And I want to get something off my chest.
It's not an apology.
I'm not saying I'm sorry or anything but...
I mean, the truth is, you never had a fucking chance.
The shit apple does not fall far from...
You know, Ricky... sometimes it's not quite clear why people... people do what they do.
I mean, life is a strange fucking kettle of shit fish.
Like why your... your mom left Sunnyvale after you were born.
And why your father and I were mortal fucking enemies.
And why I... why I made your life miserable  ever since you were just a little boy.
Because, I mean, things like this should only happen in the Bible.
A man shoots his only son.
"You're sick.
Smoke this when you're feeling better."
Look at that, Rick.
Someone sent you a fucking joint, bud.
Isn't that something?
Father and son.
You... you smoking fucking dope,  and me drinking alcohol.
Well, Ricky, here's a toast to you, bud.
To my only son. looks like the liquor wins, bud. fucking piece of shit!
Woman: (On PA)
Doctor Bender to the mental ward, please.
Doctor Bender.
Get the fucking dirty old meat trays  off the father of the bride!
Well, you said to put it somewhere they won't get it.
Yeah well, you're not going to put it right on him.
Use your...
And you've got honey mustard on his cumber-bun!
I'm trying to make him look presentable here.
Sorry, dude.
Use your fucking brains!
Thanks, Bubbles.
George,  the meat is for friends and family only.
And last time I checked, you were neither.
I'm sorry.
Um, I don't need the meat anyway.
Any vegetables around?
Other than, uh... you know.
Oh, you dirty cocksucker!
Go ahead!
Go ahead. assault a police officer.
Ruin Trin's wedding.
What the fuck are you even doing here?
Nobody wants you here.
Well, you know, just here to offer some support to Lucy  in these troubling times.
She might need a shoulder to cry on a little later.
She's drunk.
Greasy bastard.
Don't even listen to him, Ricky.
You look good, bud.
Oh my God, you look beautiful, Trin!
I'm so proud of you, sweetie.
Ricky would have been too.
I know.
How are you?
Oh, Trinity,  you look so beautiful!
Are you nervous, honey?
Not really.
Can I talk to you for a second, please?
Julian,  I really don't think that we have very much ...one second. to say to each other.
Look, I'm sorry, all right?
And I know you have every right to evict everybody from the park.
But it's my fucking fault.
I take full blame for everything.
So, please,  don't ruin everyone else's lives  because you're pissed off at me.
Evict me, okay?
Let everybody else stay.
Trinity: Julian, come on.
Let's go.
I want to get married!
All set, sweetie?
Okay, let's get this show on the road before we get kicked out of here.
Barb: I agree.
So, everyone knows that...
Rick's not really into big church-y weddings  and so Trin and I thought we'd keep things short and simple.
J-Roc, T...
Three, four...
Man: Hah!
Dearly beloved,  we are gathered here today to join Jacob and Trinity  in holy matrimony a...
Oh, sorry.
Uh, is this a bad time?
I just need one second.
I've got to switch out the bed pans.
Usually we'd use a catheter,  but this guy's got a huge urethra!
We call him the garden hose.
Lucy: Okay...
That is a lot of piss!
Just get it the fuck out of here! carry on.
Right, where were we?
Um, Jacob,  do you take Trinity  to be your lawfully wedded wife?
I guess I could.
I was really hoping to marry her, though.
Isn't that what we're here for?
Just say yes, Jacob.
And, Trinity,  do you take Jacob to be your lawfully wedded husband?
I do.
Cory, may I have the rings, please?
Oh, yeah, they're... right here.
Here they are.
They're good too.
Cory, the fucking wedding rings!
Oh, yeah, that's cool.
I left them in a safe place.
Where the fuck is that?
At the trailer park.
Barb: Oh, Cory...
We need the fucking things now, Cory!
Do you want me to go get them?
Jesus Christ...
Well, could we use those? technically I suppose they are actually rings.
Ah, I now pronounce you husband and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Braa, braa!
You know what?
If Ricky was awake, he'd light this big, dirty bastard up and he'd say, "Let's fucking party all day",  and that's what we're doing!
We're partying with Ricky all day!
That's for you, old buddy.
What's that?
Bubs, the smoke is probably fucking up the machines, man.
I don't think it was.
Hear that?
I know that sound.
Sounds like he's clacking.
Julian: Clacking?
I think he's clacking.
Clacking's this thing that fellas can do.
You know, you get your... you get your hips going like that.
You know, and your unit's going like that, clack, clack, clack all over the place.
Ricky was the best one at it.
Nobody could out-clack Ricky.
I mean, you tell him any Top 40 song and he could clack it right to you.
On key!
He is clacking!
The dope's making his brain go!
Oh, my God!
Everybody, get your dope and light up quick!
Let's go!
Pull out the hose, we'll reverse hookah!
Big hauls, Bubs, big hauls.
He's still doing it.
Let's go, let's go, everybody!
Blow into it!
Let's go!
Barb: He opened his eyes!
Ricky: Holy fuck, that's killer weed!
Lucy: Oh my God, you're alive!
Oh my God.
What the fuck is going on here?
Where's Snoop?
He must be fucked!
Ricky, he was gone long ago, man.
You've been in a coma for three weeks, buddy.
No brain activity at all, Ricky!
You just needed a jump-start!
He's like an old truck!
What the fuck are you doing?
What are you hugging me for?
I'm hugging you...
I love you!
There, I said it!
You love me?
What do you mean you love me?
Are you crying?
I love you, Ricky.
I love you like a brother.
I don't like you at all,  but I love you.
People say that you don't really know what you have  until it's gone, and maybe it almost took you being gone  for me to realize it, but I love you.
Ricky: Randy, you better calm the fuck down.
Randy: In fact...
I love all of you.
We get in these stupid frigging fights  over stupid little things, and sometimes it makes us forget about the bigger picture,  the bigger things in life.
You know what?
We're all family, whether you like it or not!
Beautiful speech, Randy.
Very beautiful.
Come on, Barb, what do you say?
Can we just make Sunnyvale like it used to be?
Please, Barb, don't evict us.
I don't know, I...
Sunnyvale needs a fresh start.
You're right.
It does need a fresh start,  but this is Sunnyvale here, Barb.
Give them all a fresh start.
Come on!
Well, I guess maybe I could...
I could... consider it. certain conditions.
Bubbles: (Happy squeal)
All right!
Oh, my God, is my daughter married?
Well, let's go back to Sunnyvale  and get high and drunk as fuck!
We've got a wedding reception to put on here!
Fish: fuck! fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Ricky: Oh, yeah, baby, that's the stuff.
Oh, that's a nice rhythm, just like that.
Yeah, just keep going like that.
Trinity: Oh, my God, Jacob!
Dad, help!
Ricky: What the fuck's going on, Trin, you okay?
Trinity: It's Jacob, he won't wake up!
I can't tell if he's breathing.
Woman: Jacob, Jacob, wake up!
Ricky: Okay, just a minute.
I'll be right in, Trin.
Trinity: Oh, my God!
He's breathing.
He's not okay.
I don't know what's wrong.
Ricky: Come on, we don't have a lot of time, gotta make this quick.
Just ignore the voices!
We can do this.
Come on!
Jesus Christ!
Sarah: Holy shit!
What the fuck are you doing, Sarah?
What am I doing?
What the fuck are you doing? fuck off with the camera!
Who the fuck were you talking to?
My hand.
Sarah, I'm sorry,  this is all I got right now.
I find if I talk with my hand, it works a bit better, okay?
Ricky, you are so fucked!
What the fuck's going on with Jacob?
He's fucked up.
Come in.
Ricky: Holy fuck!
Holy fuck!
Okay, Trin, stay calm.
Grab a fucking knife or something sharp.
You gotta shove it right through his eye socket  and make sure it comes out the other side.
Dad, what the fuck are you talking about?
He's turned, Trin, he's turned.
It's too late for him now, okay?
Have you ever seen "The Walking Of The Dead"?
It's okay, dude.
Stay calm, everyone.
Stay calm.
Okay, get away from him!
I'm gonna shoot him through the fucking head!
That's what you've gotta do!
I gotta shoot through the fucking head.
Bubbles: Ricky!
What are you doing?
Stay back!
Stay back!
He'll try to bite you!
Dad, stop!
You can't shoot your son-in-law in the head!
He's not my fucking son-of-law anymore.
He's a walker zombley!
He's not gonna eat my fucking family!
If he bites us,  we're all going to be fucking zomblies.
Get out of the way!
If we don't shoot him, we're all gonna fucking die here.
Ricky, give me the fucking gun!
What are you doing?
Give it to me.
He's a zomblie.
Would everybody calm down, please.
There's no such thing as zombies, okay?
What the fuck is that, right there?
We've got a lot of work to do.
Stop fucking around.
Dad, you have to take him to the hospital.
We've got a bit of running around to do.
I'll take him right after that.
No, Dad, now.
Look at him.
He needs to go to the hospital.
I'm sorry, Julian.
I know we got a lot of stuff to do but family comes first.
I love my fucking family.
The guy you were gonna shoot in the head two seconds ago?
Hi, Julian!
Two seconds ago that wasn't Jacob in my mind.
We've got to take him.
I don't want to catch this shit  and the rest of my family catching it!
Julian, it could be a fucking crazy squirrel disease.
I bet that's what it is. fuck's sakes.
All right.
Cory,  get him out of those sex underwear and strap him on the roof  with some straps and top up my brake fluid.
My brakes have been fucking me around lately, all right?
'kay, dude.
Dad, you're not strapping him to the roof of the car!
He can ride in the car.
I'm not catching that shit.
Put him in the trunk, then.
He's probably gonna fucking die anyway.
You think I might die?
Have you looked at yourself?
Yes, you could fucking die!
You look fucked!
All right, Cory, you're gonna go with them to the hospital.
Bubs, let's go to the nutrients store.
Don't worry.
We'll take care of him.
All right, sweetie?
Good to see you guys.
Ricky, stop fucking around.
Bubbles: He promises, Julian.
I'm fucking sorry, I thought you were a fucking zombley.
But why would you go and do this?
Like, you completely fucked this day up!
I'm really sorry, Ricky.
I'm not jealous, Randy.
I just care about you, that's all.
And I don't want to see you get hurt.
And I'm sorry if I care about you.
Randy, come on and get your breakfast.
Double sugar bacon!
Randy: I'm not eating that, sir.
I'm off the bacon.
Oh, you're off the bacon?
Since when?
You had two whole packages on Tuesday.
Randy: Well, no anymore.
I'm in training.
Where did you get the shirt?
Ted gave it to me.
He's gonna help train me  and he's going to pull some strings  to get me into the police college.
Oh, I see.
Is that all he's gonna be pulling, Randy?
I don't like this, Randy.
I don't fucking like this one bit!
Well, I'm doing it, sir.
And, if you care about me as much as you say you do,  you'll be supportive and proud of me.
If anything crazy goes down here today,  call me on my cell for back-up.
For fuck's sakes!
Ricky: Is he dead yet?
Cory: Okay, we made it, dude.
You're gonna be all right.
How do you feel?
Oh, I felt better before we left but I feel worse now.
I think it's the exhaust fumes.
Cory: Oh, man, I'm gonna get a wheelchair.
It could be the exhaust fumes  or it could be more Symp-sons coming on.
If it is the exhaust fumes, here smoke this.
It'll cancel them out.
Listen, Jacob.
There's something I want you to know, bud.
I know that you probably think that I think, you know, you're... a fucking idiot, you're like some weird insect-y man.
You know, my daughter married a loser with no fucking money  and no chance of keeping a good job because you're too dumb.
But you know what?
It doesn't even matter if I did think all that.
I actually think... that you're a pretty good guy.
I actually like you.
Thanks, man.
I think I've may even been... starting to love you a little bit.
Anyway I just wanted you to know all that  'cause you're probably not gonna make it.
You think I'm not gonna make it?
Look at your fucking hair.
It's just coming right out, buddy.
You're fucked.
Don't worry, though, buddy.
Come on, we'll get you inside.
Me and Cory we're gonna be with you till the end.
The end?
What do you mean, the end?
What do you mean, the end?
Jesus Christ, Cory!
Why is all this shit so expensive, man?
Look, that's 80 bucks.
Oh, I know.
I've been buying it.
I know how expensive it is.
Bubs, stop grabbing at yourself.
I'm not grabbing at myself.
I get nervous and my bird starts doing that.
If it's not at the right angle, I get a kink into it.
Why are you nervous?
We're not doing anything illegal.
Oh, no...
Nothing illegal about growing  400 fucking dope plants in record time!
Nothing illegal there.
We're buying fertilizer, man. fuck, just relax.
Alrighty, fellas, I've done some digging here.
I can do pretty much everything on the old list here, buddy.
Except for the...
Nuclear Bloom, she's on back order.
Isn't that the most important shit?
How in the fuck is it on back order?
Last week you had almost a full barrel.
Yeah, but it's Sonny Ding, the potato farmer.
Come in and bought it all.
Sonny Ding from Eastern Shore?
Yeah, he's only got one upper lip.
No, that's not Sonny.
Everybody's only got one upper lip.
I'm just fucking with you!
You got me.
So when are you getting more in?
Oh, you're looking at two weeks.
Slow boat from China shit. fuck's sakes. fucking China!
And their slow boats!
I know.
A bit of a wake-up call, huh?
The police force is not for everybody.
This is ridiculous.
There's lots of cops fatter than I am around.
Actually, no there's not.
You're gonna have to lose at least 50 pounds  if I have any hope in hell of getting you into the college.
Frig this.
I'm not losing any frigging weight.
You gotta figure out a way to get me into the frigging college  or George is gonna see this.
Ted: Harder.
Randy: Why isn't it working?
Ted: Oh yeah.
Randy: How's that, Ted?
Ted: Try harder, Randy, try harder.
Ooohh yeah.
Now take me through the drive thru at the King.
And you're frigging paying!
Big fuck-up, Cory.
Err, dude, I think the horse moves in... the shape of an R or letter M or something.
What kind of a fucking hornse would move in the shape of letters?
It's a hornse.
It goes wherever the fuck it wants.
Unless it tied up but, see any ropes here?
It's not tied up. fuck, you're dumb sometimes, Cory.
I'm sorry, dude.
Man, I'm just so freaked out about Jacob, man.
I don't know what to do.
I know. fuck, he's so young.
What a shame.
I know it must be hard on you.
I mean, you already lost one idiot best friend  and now you're going to lose another one.
It's not fair.
Well, I don't he's gonna die or anything, dude.
I think...
Oh, fuck, I knew it!
He didn't make it.
Are you serious?
Jacob's dead?
No, no...
Cory, come here, bud.
We're gonna get through this, man.
How the fuck am I going to tell Trin? fuck's sakes!
Guys, guys, Jacob's not dead.
He just had an allergic reaction to dog hair.
But a violent one.
That's it?
He's allergic to dogs?
Oh, my fuck.
Jacob, you fucking idiot!
I'm really sorry, Ricky.
It's, uh, it's not Jacob's fault.
He has a very strange element in his blood.
I've not been able to identify it  but I'm guessing it's related to his reaction to the dog.
Now, uh, make sure you keep this bracelet on.
It's got all your information on it.
If the condition worsens, I want you to come back here immediately.
Okay, thanks, Doctor.
Hey, Julian.
Still dealing with Fuckbrains here.
He's allergic to dogs apparently.
Ooh, I'm going to make everyone think I'm fucking dying!
Yeah, it's right here. fuck off!
I'm on the phone.
I forgot where I was, okay?
I know exactly where that is, man.
I'll be there in 15 minutes.
Hey, Ricky, can we stop and get this prescription filled  on the way back to the park?
Yeah, we can.
On the way back to the park  but right now we're not going back to the fucking park.
Get the fuck out to the car!
You've wasted enough of today already! fucking dog allergy!
What are you going to say you're dying from next?
Getting stanged by a fucking bee?
I hope not.
How long are you going to be this fucking colour?
You look ridiculous.
I'm really sorry, Ricky.
I don't know what's going on.
What are you doing going through the fucking door first?
Jesus Christ!
Thanks, dude.
I can't believe he didn't have a fucking drop left!
Not a fucking drop, Ricky.
She's all in there somewhere.
Well, just FIY, there's no fucking way  we'll grow enough weed in 43 days without that shit.
We're fucked!
Way to go, Jacob!
Sorry, dude.
Jacob, all you have is a fucking allergy?
Well, kinda.
Doctor said I had some sort  of unidentified element in my blood.
Unidentified element?
Okay, boys, there's nobody around.
It looks like the barrels are up in that first outbuilding up there, okay?
Cory, Jacob, I want you to grab the truck,  go up and grab the fucking barrel.
You got it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hang on!
Grab what truck?
My truck?
No, no, no.
I worked way too fucking hard for that truck  to let fucking Red ET and Drewberry Dumb fucking use the thing.
That's not happening.
Bubs, do you have insurance?
Yes, I have insurance.
I'm a legit businessman.
Well, circumstances like this is... that's why you fucking have insurance.
Oh, yeah, no, I remember reading that actually in the insurance policy.
Paragraph 1: "If you use your truck to steal something  and it gets fucked over while the crime is in progress,  you are covered 100% with zero deductible."  Bubs, if something get fucked over,  which is not gonna happen,  we'll just fucking burn the thing and report it stolen.
You can say there was tons of shit in the front,  tons of shit in the back.
It's a win-win situation here, man.
And then you can buy a real fucking truck.
A real t...
That is a fucking real truck!
You know who uses great big trucks, Julian?
Who drives around in those?
Guys with little, tiny wieners.
That's who drives those.
Oh, wait a second,  don't you have a ridiculously large  jacked-up fucking G.I.
Real funny.
Real fucking...
Go fuck yourself!
Look, are we just gonna say to fuck with everything?
You know, 'cause I'm quite happy to go out in the ocean  and fucking fish lobsters, man.
All right?
It's up to you.
Then maybe we can hook up at Christmas time or something.
'Cause I don't give a fuck!
I know what you're doing, Julian.
Is it working? fuck off.
All right, give him those keys.
Let's go, boys.
Here, boys.
Do not fuck this truck up!
Right on, boys.
Cory, Cory!
Come here.
Click that again.
See the fire coming out of there?
It's a lighter.
Don't be fucking with it.
If my truck gets fucked up...
It's not going to get fucked up.
No, let me finish.
If my truck gets fucked up,  I'm getting your truck.
I'm taking it and I'm selling it.
To somebody else with a tiny wiener.
Ted: Gentle now, Randy.
Just like that. fucking Christ!
What the hell are doing?
Well, I've never frigging fired  one of these things before!
Come on, let's just go.
No, I've got to learn this, Ted.
I suggest you friggin wrap your friggin arms around me  and show me how to hold this.
Unless you want the guys downtown to know  some of the weird stuff that you like done to you.
Come on.
Yeah, yeah, okay, okay.
Widen your stance.
Straighten your arms.
Also stick your bum out a little.
Jeez, man!
This is crazy!
It's like, I'm pushing, I'm pulling,  it's not even locked.
There we go.
Hey, I knew that.
All right.
Hey, Cory, this one sounds different.
Listen: it sounds full...
...the rest sound empty.
You sure?
Yeah, listen.
Hear the difference?
Well, what if this one... is full and that's empty?
Right on, dude, let's do it.
Ho...ly shit.
On three.
One, two, three.
Sorry, I didn't really help.
One, two, three.
Hey, careful.
That's easy, dude.
All right, just don't drop it.
I'm not saying there's no such thing as aliens.
All I'm saying is Jacob is not a fucking alien.
Ricky, Ricky, did the doctor say  that Jacob had an "unidentified element" in his blood?
That's what he said.
Yeah,  because he's a fucking alien, Julian.
He's a new species.
He's a Tall Red,  descended from the Tall Whites, I guarantee you.
This mean my fucking grampson's an alien?
Well, he's half.
Mo's not a fucking alien!
Jacob's not a fucking alien!
Who have you ever seen  with four-foot-long arms, Julian,  that turns red for no reason?
Bubs, he looks like a fucking alien, all right?
Ricky's NHL ball hockey camp.
How may I help you?
There's no date on the poster yet  'cause I haven't fucking picked one.
'Cause I'm waiting to see if there's any interest first.
It says possible because I can't see in the future, okay?
They all say they want to come,  what happens maybe they're on their way here  and a fucking earthquake derupts,  it fucking opens up, swallows the fucking car,  and they're never seen or heard from again?
It could happen, right?
Then I'd be a fucking liar.
I'm not a liar.
My poster's not a fucking liar.
Look, if you're interested, call me back in a few days.
If you're not, it doesn't really matter to me,  I don't give a fuck. fuck, people are stupid.
Ricky, that had to be  the dumbest conversation I've ever heard in my life.
But no, you should've heard what she was saying!
He's a fucking alien, Julian.
All right, boys...
I'm telling you.
What are you doing, man?
Hang on, boys!
Why do you always...
Slow the fuck down!
Ricky, slow the fuck down!
Aww, fuck!
The brakes ain't working!
Man: What the fuck!
Ricky: Jesus Christ! fucking Cory!
Julian: Back it up, Ricky!
Bubbles: Oh, fucking nice one, Ricky.
Man: Holy shit!
What the fuck, man!
A nice one. fuck's sakes.
Crashed into that guy's nice truck.
I hope my car's all right.
What the fuck did you do to the truck?
It's just a little scratch.
I got the worst of it, you fucking dummy.
You heard me.
Take your tiny cock, get in your truck and fuck off.
You got the worst of it?
Julian: gun!
Bubbles: Jesus Christ!
Boys, have I got to die in Reggie's junk yard  because of a fucking power slide gone wrong?
Can we all put down our guns  and talk like normal fucking human beings?
Oh, shit, dude, man,  you're totally like my superhero, man.
Like, a real live superhero, man, you're my hero!
All red and shit, lifting the barrel over your head, man.
You totally did most of the work.
You know that, right?
I don't remember, man.
I feel like I'm dying, dude.
Well, that's just it, man.
It's like, whatever we put our minds to,  we can do together.
Do you know what I mean?
Even when we're dying, we get shit done, man.
Thanks, man.
You know what?
You complete me, man.
Thanks, man.
Hand me off.
Oh, sh...
Careful, man.
Sorry, dude.
Let me get...
Oh, shit, man.
I think the barrel's gone.
What, you think it's gone or it's gone?
Dude, I think the barrel's gone.
We had a barrel in the back and the shit is gone.
Dude, I can't see.
We've got to go back and get it.
We've got to go back and get it.
Go, go, go, go...!
Man: You got insurance?
Do I look fucking dumb enough  to buy insurance, you little shit vacuum?
What the fuck is going on,  you pigeon poking fucks?
You're scaring the shit out of my cust...
Put the fucking weapons away!
Hey, Reg.
Reggie: Moose fuckers!
I fucking slid into this come gargler's dicktruck here  and he fucking lost it on me.
Look at the little tiny scratch.
Ah, Ricky...
Reggie: So, Dougie.
Here's how this is going to go down.
You two guys  are going to take your short, stumpy,  hobbitty asses,  get in this gigantic truck thing  and get the fuck off my yard.
Who the fuck are you calling short,  stubby, and hobbitty,  you long-legged... arctic-blonde prick?
Go fuck yourself, huh?
No, no, no, I think it's "go fuck yourself",  you know, 'cause the universe  is not responsible for you two dipshits  growing up to be mouse-diddlers, are they?
So lose the fucking attitude  and can we all just stop shooting at each other?
Now, you two, fuck off!
You fuck off.
Bubbles: Short guys in big trucks.
There's nothing fucking worse.
Now what, pray tell, can I do  for you turtle jerkers?
Can I just ask what the fuck is up with you  and all the animal sex fucking references you use?
Well, it's kind of my thing, dude.
It's cool, man.
Julian : We need clones.
Lots of them.
Now you have my attention.
How much is a lot?
300 or 400?
Yeah, that's good, Cheech and Chong.
What am I, fucking Up In fucking Smoke here?
Oh, fuck's sakes, you can't do it?
Well, now, I didn't say that,  you porpoise-raping piece of shit.
I'm Reggie!
Of course I can do it!
Right on!
He's the Reg, boys!
I told ya.
Bubbles: Yeah, but see, "porpoise-raping".
Why do you need to call him that?
It's kind of funny.
I mean,  something in the ocean probably does rape them.
Octopusses, fucking...
Octopusses don't rape porpoises!
How the fuck  could a starfish rape a porpoise?
Salamanders probably do.
They don't live in the ocean, but...
Okay, dude, minor setback.
Not a big deal, man.
We just get it up there.
I've seen worse.
It's spilled a little, but...
Oh, fuck, it's all over me.
Well, we'll just put it back in, dude.
It's a good thing you found it, man.
Hey, I don't remember it being so white  and sticky and shit.
Let's get it back on the truck  and get it back to the park.
Yeah, hoist it up, dude.
All right.
Ahh, fuck...
You raise your end.
You go first.
Okay, argh...
Yeah, well, put it...
Oh, wait, no...
Oh, jeez,  fuck's sakes!
Okay, that's all right, dude.
Here, do it again.
Okay, up.
Yeah, I got it.
Let's go.
Oh, perfect, dude.
Yeah, man.
Make sure you strap it down good this time, eh?
Great idea.
All right.
Bubbles: There, Dougie, you take that.
Just feed them water for now, guys.
We're going to be over, we'll teach you  exactly the formulas to use, all right?
She's got two.
There you go.
And remember, the bigger the plants,  the more money you're going to make.
That's the last of 'em.
Right on.
This tomato plant don't look right.
That's 'cause it's a special, uh,  tomato plant from Italy.
They grow a lot bigger there.
Oh, yeah.
It's a special tomato plant from Jamaica.
It's still fucked.
You're fucked.
Speaking of fucked.
Cory: What's up, dudes?
Ricky: It's about fucking time!
Look at that.
Your fucking brain's about the size  of fucking tiny little birds, you know that?
Yo, check it though.
What the fuck does that say?
"Power braking fluid".
Power steering fluid!
It eats through brake lines.
You almost had us fucking killed, you idiot!
The nutrient company change the formula?
When did it start looking like vanilla pudding?
What the fuck?
Why is it that colour?
What the fuck is that?
Bubbles: Well, Ricky, don't...
That's not it!
What the fuck is that?
Who the fuck is this?
Who the fuck...?
Man: Which one  of you cocksuckers is Jacob?
There's no fucking Jacob here there, flamingo tits!
I found this on the ground at my farm  and I'm missing a very valuable barrel.
Julian: Whoopdee shit, you found something on the ground.
What the fuck is it?
Hey, dude,  that's your hospital bracelet, Jacob.
You are the son of a bitch  that robbed me?
We're not fucking around here, bud!
Where is it, boy?
Look, none of us robbed from you, okay?
So get in your truck and get the fuck out of our park!
Oh, really, huh?
There it is, Harold.
Load it on the truck.
No, no, no.
You're not fucking taking that.
We fucking need it.
Oh, we are taking it!
And I'll shoot every fucking one of you if I have to!
We'll fucking shoot you too!
I fucking love shooting people!
Bubbles: Ricky!
Ricky, just wait!
Come on!
Hang the fuck on!
What if we just pay you for it, okay?
And we'll forget this ever happened.
Oh no, French guys,  but you don't like the kind of people  that got 50 grand lying around.
50 grand?
For what?
For that shit?
Well, that's its value when it's acquired by hand.
It's $280 at the fucking hydroponics store, you criminal.
Wait a second.
What the fuck is this stuff?
Bull semen!
What the fuck did you think it was?
Bull semen!
Man: Yeah, it's not just any ordinary bull semen.
This is grade A,  100% organic, hand-tossed  liquid fucking gold!
Look, there's been a huge mix-up here.
I sent these two idiots out  to pick up a fucking barrel of fertilizer in a barn.
They obviously went to the wrong one  'cause they're dumb.
Ricky: We had no idea, man.
Just take it  and get it the fuck out of here, please!
Oh, we're going to take it out of here, all right.
Then we're going to come back with the cops  and sort this out.
You don't need to call the cops!
We're giving it to you back, man.
It's down a couple of gallons  and these tired old hands  ain't going to be able to top it up.
Blisters healed just a few days ago.
Ricky: Stop fucking talking about it!
What if I give you these guys to jack off your bulls?
They'll top it up, we'll be cool.
Uhh, I don't know.
It's, uh...
...it's pretty hard work, you know.
No, no, they can do it.
They can do it, believe me.
They've had lots of experience in that field.
I'll through a few crates of lobsters in there too.
Lobsters, huh?
Come on, man.
Yeah, well... yeah, okay.
Oh, yes, I...
Yeah, yeah, okay.
Yeah, we got a deal, We got a deal.
All right.
Harold,  load the load of load.
Cory, Jacob, help him with the load.
Help him out with the fucking load.
Ricky, are you all right?
Do not wipe your lips on me.
How big of a dollop did you put on your tongue?
Oh, my fuck.
Not fucking right now.
What's the commotion here?
None of your fucking business, Randy.
Julian, what the frig are you doing here?
You know the rules.
I want you to leave the park immediately.
Relax, Randy, I'm just visiting.
Right, Julian.
Just visiting.
Well, you better be.
I'm not afraid of you anymore,  tough guy!
What the fuck, Randy?
You've got one hour, Julian!
When the fuck did he start acting so hard wearing a shirt?
Bubbles: The same day he started wearing blue bags. fucking cop wannabe.
Barb & Lahey: (Imitating ducks quacking, laughing)
Hey, guys!
There's my little man.
Barb: Hi!
Thank you so much for looking after him.
He's really growing attached to you guys.
Oh, my gosh, it's no problem.
We're growing attached to him.
He's so gorgeous!
I'm going to miss you so much  next week when I'm away,  but I will bring you back a lovely treat, okay?
Don't worry, little Mo.
Uncle Jimmy will still be around to play with you.
Yes, I will!
Okay, Mo, wave bye.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I'm coming with you.
Come on.
I'm going to get my little fix of Mo  before I go.
Come on, let's go.
See you, Mo.
Say bye.
Say, "Bye, Uncle Jimmy!"  Randy: Hey, guys.
Hey, Randy.
Hey, Mo, how's it going, buddy?
Say hi.
Randy: Good to see ya.
We've got to take Julian and Ricky down, sir.
Yeah, he was just here.
There were two farmers with guns,  a barrel of something big and expensive.
Something big is going down.
You could talk to Barb,  convince her to let Julian move back to the park  and then we could take them all down at once.
It's not going to happen, Randy.
Oh, you get to decide just like that, do you?
Well, maybe... maybe I'll decide then  this isn't going to happen either.
Randy, Randy, Randy,  Randy, come on now.
Just relax, bud.
Okay, we'll talk.
You go in and start supper.
I'll clean up.
Thanks for listening, sir.
My sexy Julian back in the park, huh?
This is pretty much it, Julian.
Everything comes in there, you know.
Sliced and diced;  pured and crushed;  over to the spiceland  for my proprietary blend.
She gets cooked off in the boiler,  goes in there,  pumped up into the saucinator,  out into the bottle and the capping department.
It's a pretty fucking streamlined operation.
No, man, it's pretty fucking impressive.
No, I know.
So, what's the profit margin  on each fucking jar?
You see, profit margin...
You've got to know that, man.
I know.
And you know all that stuff  and that's why you should be living here  at the park with me.
Just knowing words like that,  I'd probably make more money.
I know, but I can't, okay?
I've got a good thing going on at the container, man.
It's peaceful out there.
There's no stress on the ocean, man, it's beautiful.
Ricky: Hey, boys.
Hey, Ricky.
Bubs, I need a little favour.
Coolnow obviously can't be around Jacob any more and...
Stop right there, Ricky.
Don't say another word.
You tell Jacob to put him on a spaceship  and they can fly up to Jacob's house at the North Star.
He's not staying here.
Trin and Mo can't move 'cause of a fucking puppy dog,  and we can't get rid of him, Mo loves the little bastard.
Well, I'm putting my foot down, Ricky, 100%.
There's two things that dogs don't mix with:  kitties and Bubbles.
Oh, like the... the ones you blow with bubble gum?
Me, Bubbles.
Why didn't you say "me"?
Because I sometimes refer to myself in the third person.
It's a thing I do.
That's confusing.
Anyway, it's only for a little while.
It's nothing big deal, right?
One day or so.
He's not staying, Ricky...
I know.
I've got to say good night to Mo, hold him for a minute.
Thanks, buddy.
Love ya.
You're a good friend.
This is unbelievable.
Look at this now: bull semen,  fucking dope clones, shoot-outs,  and now this,  me looking after a fucking wrangley old mutt.
It looks a hotdog with hair on it.
Bubs, things got a little fucky today,  but you've got to be positive.
How good is it to have all of us  back together again, huh?
I don't know.
Oh, come on, man.
Scale of one to ten, how good does it feel?
Come on, tiddle-iddle-iddle- iddle-iddle!
Come on. a million billion.
That's how I feel.
Hey, little buddy.
He's fucking cute, man.
He's not cute.
He's got a big, long nose.
Nobody likes that.
Nobody likes those cute little ears  and little tongue.
He's fucking cute, man.
I don't care what you say.
Fish: fuck! fuck off! fuck!...  fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Hey, morning, dick flowers.
About fucking time.
I can't believe I called you  after the last bullshit you fucking pulled on us.
Yeah, well, these things take time.
And that last thing was a total misunderstanding.
And because I'm a stand-up guy, this one's on me.
Minus, of course, some small fees, charges for... things that are totally beyond my control.
Look, you guys are going to come out on top here  once we sue the sagging, grey-haired bags off these bastards.
You're fucking right, we're suing them.
This is fucking ridiculous!
How'd you enjoy your stay?
You're a fucking arsehole, George.
You know that?
You are an actual fucking arsehole.
You had no right to keep us in there for a week.
You had nothing on us!
That's right. and that's why we're having a class action lawsuit  launched against this entire department,  and that includes you, Officer Green.
That's Chief Green, dick breath.
And before you go around launching lawsuits,  let me remind you of those old surveillance photos we have of you.
Remember that?
The tranny crack whore  doing lines off your dick?
It'd be a real shame if those things resurfaced  and bit you in the ass, wouldn't it?
Okay, well, you guys are out.
My job's done.
Listen, I've got to run.
Uh, I'll send you the bill.
We'll talk soon.
Ba-ba-ba- ba-ba-ba! fucking idiot.
Where his truck?
But you can drive it away right now  for the low sum of $723.
723 bucks for one week?
Are you kidding me?
No, that's the cash price.
You know, service and towing fees,  storage, unpaid tickets,  departmental surcharge.
"Cash price"?
When do you fucking deal with cash,  you greasy bastard?
I'm sure you'll come up with the money.
Hope so anyway, because if it's not picked up by 5:00,  it's going to the crusher.
Impound lot's full,  so I bumped it up to the top of the list.
George, you can't do that, you crooked son of a whore.
Can't I?
It's tough being this powerful.
It really is.
Abso-fucking-lute power  corrupts abso-fucking-lutely!
What a shit-encrusted dick-helmet!
Trinity: He really is good with him.
Yeah, he really is.
I just...
I hope he doesn't have an ulterior motive, you know?
Like, he's fucked us over so many times in the past,  it's just hard to get past that.
It's different now that he's family.
Yeah, but is it?
I wouldn't trust him.
I just want Mo to be happy, and he is.
It's my decision.
No, no, no, not fucking happening!
Just 'cause he's my dad all of a sudden  doesn't mean he's automatically fucking related to Mo!
Yeah, Ricky, that's exactly what that does mean.
Dad, look...
Family's about fucking being there for each other,  stepping up to the fucking plate when you have to.
This is fucking bullshit!
Dad, calm down.
Oh, I'm fucking calm.
Dad, Mo really likes him.
I want his great- grandfather to be a part of his life.
You're just going to have to get over it.
He's your father, like it or not.
For the first few days after he told me he was my dad,  I just got fucking wasted.
I had to get it out of my head.
But the booze wasn't working.
Like, I think it made me more depressed.
So I just put my energy into working at the rink  and the plants, and just ignored him.
I'm not sure how to come to terms with it  but I've got to fucking deal with it.
I've got to stay calm.
Right now?
What a fucking smug little prick.
Listen to him laughing at my burnt out fucking trailer. fucking little asshole!
You think this is funny?
Your fucking traps are working really well, Randy,  you stupid fucking dummy! fuck off!
And you fuck off too.
Frigging idiot.
Man: (shouting) fuck off with the fucking guns!
Jesus fucking Christ!
What the frig do you want?
You know, I'm sorry for what happened.
Those guys really screwed you over.
But maybe, once this blows over for a bit,  you can try again.
Now I did everything in my power to help you.
I held up my end of the bargain.
So now I want the video back.
That was the deal.
Not a chance.
Remember all those times you were taking forever  and you said, "Randy, try harder"?
Well, I'm going to say the same frigging thing to you right now.
Ted, try harder!
Randy,  you might want to think really carefully  about what you're doing here.
I'm not scared of you, Ted, or your tiny penis.
Are you sure?
I'm going to give you today to think it through.
Don't make me take this to the next level.
Bubbles: This might be the dumbest fucking thing  you've ever done, actually, Julian.
You know what?
I want to go home.
Just take me home.
Bubs, it's fine.
They didn't even have fucking cameras  in the parking lot, man.
How do you know if they had cameras in the parking lot?
Because cops don't think people would be fucking crazy enough  to steal a fucking car in their parking lot, man.
That's why they leave their keys in the ignition.
They're stupid.
We're not going to go home.
We need to make some fucking money.
Check the glove box, see if there's anything in there worth selling.
Don't boss me around.
"Don't boss me around."  Some golf passes here, cart included.
You see, there you go.
That's 100 bucks right there.
Jesus Murphy.
Whose truck did we take?
Ron Jeremy's?
Well, why's that in the glove box?
Just put that away.
Here's the registration.
Oh, my blistering fuck!
It's George Green's truck, Julian!
Oh, my God, we've got to dump it!
We've got to dump it! pull over here!
No, no, no... fuck that.
We need to sell it.
Sell it?
Who in the fuck's going to buy a hot truck  that belongs to the chief of police?
Think about that!
So what the fuck is up, poppy suckers?
What's up, Reg?
Just looking to unload  this fucking thing fast, man.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Is it hot? it's, you know...
I don't think I have the paperwork.
Julian,  it's a little hotter than that, I'd say. how hot? it's not cold.
It might as well be sitting on the surface of the fucking sun!
Yeah, it's great.
Ah, well, I could use it for scrap.
Give you 200 bucks for it.
200 bucks!
Come on, man.
Look, we need 723 bucks  or the cops are going to crush his little fucking truck.
No shit.
You're dealing with those fucking weasel-fuckers, huh?
Dougie Dixon?
That guy's a piece of shit.
No, George Green.
Oh, he's a cocksucker too, slimy little fucker.
That's it?
200 bucks?
It's all I can do for you, bro.
Now, if you guys could find me some steel,  I can move that shit  quicker than a hooker going down on a billy goat.
That makes no sense!
All right, whatever the fuck you are to me,  we need to get some things straight right now, okay?
Apparently you can hang out with Mo.
That's my daughter's decision.
But when it comes to me and you, we don't fucking talk!
Don't say a fucking word to me!
Don't even look at me  unless I say it's okay to look at me  and I don't ever see that fucking happening!
Got it?
Sure, Rick.
Whatever it takes.
But listen...
I just want you to know,  that there were a lot of reasons  why I was the way I was over the years.
I don't give a fuck!
Rick, you have no idea  how much I wrestled with this.
A secret this big?
Not knowing how to deal with it.
Why do you think I turned to the liquor so often?
So I made you a fucking alcoholic?
Is that what you're saying to me?
No, no, no.
No, it was... a lot of fucking things.
But that's all changed now, Ricky.
Because of... this little guy...
I finally have a reason to stay off the liquor for good.
Ricky, I know... that, when I was on the liquor, I was delusional.
I was out of control.
But I'm never going back.
Little Mo saved my life, Ricky.
Yeah, he's... pretty fucking special, isn't he?
I'm sorry, Ricky.
I'm sorry for everything.
I was wrong not to tell you all these years.
Are you crying?
No, I...
Look, I...
I know after all that's happened,  it's probably impossible  for you to believe or... even understand.
I've always loved you, Ricky.
Don't fucking cry.
It just makes no sense, everything you did to me.
I thought it was for your own good, Ricky.
But I was wrong.
Both: (Sobbing)
Julian: Hey!
What the fuck is going on here?
Why are you guys crying?
Who died?
Nobody fucking got dead, Bubs.
Well what, then?
Baste yourselves, boys.
Jim Lahey... is my father.
The real one.
Oh, they smashed up Coconut Ronda.
I'm telling you, man,  don't let that fucking nightmare Lahey into your life, man.
He's always got another angle.
I told you.
I don't want to fucking talk about it.
I'm trying to block it the fuck out  so I can concentrate on everything else.
That's probably a good idea, Ricky.
Yeah, well, being that said,  where's the nutrients, boys?
For the fucking plants.
Ricky, the plants are alive?
Of course the fucking plants are alive.
I hid them at the rink.
But they're thirsty boys.
Where the fuck is the Nuclear Bloom?
Ricky, the Nuclear Bloom is on the back of my fucking truck  at the impound, about to get crushed to smithereens.
Yeah, we need 523 bucks.
Reggie said to acquire some steel and he'd buy it off us.
We've just got to figure out where to get some fucking steel.
That's fucking easy.
I know where we can get all the fucking steel that we need. fuck off!
It's kind of fucked that we're stealing steel, boys,  when you think about it.
Well, steel's the only thing you could steal  that it's itself, right?
Ricky, what the fuck are you talking about?
Are you okay, Ricky?
Yeah, I'm just saying, you know,  if we weren't stealing steel, we'd be stealing something that wasn't steel.
So stealing steel's kind of like...
It's a stealing steel...
For fuck's sakes, this isn't fucking working!
What's wrong?
I asked my fucking brain nicely to shut the fuck up  but no matter what I distract-ulate it with,  it gets blurting things out about fucking Lahey!
Ohh, my brain's a fucking asshole sometimes, boys.
I don't know how to come to terms with this.
Like, it's bad enough Lahey's going to be my fucking dad, I guess,  but, if he marries Randy, Randy's going to be my fucking uncle.
Think about that one.
That's not exactly accurate, Ricky.
He's going to be what, then?
My cousint?
Oh, my fucking God.
Oh, my fucking God.
Randy is going to be my fucking brother?
Actually he'd be your stepfather, man.
Or stepmother, depending on how they file the paperwork.
Could be your stepmother.
No, fuck!
You know what, boys?
I can't deal with this. fuck it!
I'm moving to Toronto and becoming a street person.
No, Ricky.
This is fucked!
Ricky, just wait.
Look, Lahey might be your father but he'll never be your dad.
Well, it's the same fucking thing.
What do you mean?
It's not the same thing, Ricky.
Look, Lahey, technically he did father you,  therefore he is your "father"  but Ray...
Ray's the one that loved you, Ricky.
He loved you and he raised you  and he taught you everything that you know.
He did.
He turned you into Ricky.
He was my father...
You are Ricky because of Ray  and that's what a dad does, Ricky.
You were pretty fucking lucky to have such an awesome one, man.
Thanks, boys.
I fucking love you guys.
I love you too, Ricky.
Who's got that belly?
Let's go fucking steal some shit!
Or steal some steel!
See, it is fucking cool, isn't it?
It's funny.
See the way I brought that back around like a professional.
That's what Gerry Dee would have done.
Hey, Ran.
I brought you a triple triple, bud.
What's the matter?
I can't marry you, sir.
If I marry you, then Ricky becomes my stepson.
And any inkling of a chance  that I had of becoming a cop is gone forever.
Randy, don't be ridiculous.
Being a cop isn't as glamorous as it looks, Randy.
Trust me.
Oh, well, I wasn't doing it for the glamour.
I was doing it for you.
I wanted you to be proud of your new wife.
Now look at me.
Sitting here getting wasted,  crying in my frigging cheeseburgers.
All I've ever wanted was for you to be proud of me, Mr. Lahey,  and to respect me.
Randy,  I respect you in this moment  more than I've ever respected you in my life.
Now you know what it's like  to be driven to drink by the boys.
I love you, Randy,  and I want to marry you now more than ever.
What do you say, bud?
Do you mean that, Mr. Lahey?
If you'll have me.
I'll drink a toast to it, Randers.
What do you got?
You can't drink, Mr. Lahey.
It's only wine, Randy.
I can handle a little bit of wine.
And you know what it's like... when I drink the wine, bud.
I sure do.
It's time to get paid, boys.
Thank fuck.
Oh, fuck, the cops.
All right, pull over and get us out of this, man.
I don't know if I can, boys.
What do you mean?
I'm not in the right frames of the mind.
What the fuck are you talking about, man?
You can do this!
No, I can't.
Jesus Christ, Ricky!
What the fuck are you doing?
We can't outrun them in this,  especially with 750 fucking pounds in the trunk.
My fucking brain's got too many thinks going on!
I can't think my thocks straight!
Oh, my fuck!
We're out of jail less than two hours  and we're going right the fuck back.
We're not going back to jail.
Oh, really?
Why wouldn't we, Julian?
We're in a high-speed fucking chase,  stolen city property,  no goddamn plates, no insurance, no registration.
Oh, we're fucked!
Here, Ricky, take that.
You can do this, man.
We believe in you.
You just need to be focused.
Maybe if I chug the fucking thing, I guess.
Chug it.
Now, that's it, Ricky.
There you go.
Chug it!
Bubbles & Julian: Chug!
That's it, Ricky.
Come on!
Go, man.
Keep it going.
Let your brain just start working it out.
Let that dope smoke figure it out.
Chug it, Ricky!
Okay, boys.
We're good.
We're good?
You've got something?
I got this.
Oh, thank fuck.
We believe in you, man.
Ricky: You guys are going to fucking love this one.
Stop right there, hands where I can see them!
Hands up, fuck-tits!
Put your hands where I can see them!
Shut the fuck up, you idiot!
I'm a fucking cop!
Yeah, man.
Think I like wearing my fucking hair like this?
Do you think I like wearing these fucking clothes?
My wife's making me stay at the fucking Ramada.
I've been working with fucking Chief Green  for three months trying to take these guys down.
Three fucking months!
You just blew my fucking cover.
You're working with Chief Green?
Yeah, fuck-brains.
Officer Trevor Cory, deep undercover.
See the two guys in the car there?
Two of the highest-ranking members of Satan's bastards.
Satan's bastards, the fucking motorcycle gung out of Cape Breton.
You're a fucking cop and you don't know who Satan's bastards are?
Jesus Christ.
George has been trying to take them down for three months  and you may have just wrecked the whole fucking operation, you idiot!
I didn't know.
It's all right but when George finds out about this, he's going to fucking freak.
His fucking truck was stolen from the precinct today.
He's not in a good fucking mood as it is.
I heard about that.
Oh, my fuck.
I hate to say it, bud,  you're probably going to lose your badge over this one.
Oh, for fuck's sakes, I just got the thing.
No, no, no!
Keep pointing that at me.
We're not fucked yet.
Stay with me here.
Can you please not tell George  that I fucked this up, big time?
Well, I don't want to ruin your career obviously.
All right, all right.
What's your fucking name?
It's Gordon.
Okay, Gordon, stay with me here, bud.
We're okay.
We can do this, okay?
But the two guys in the car right now,  they're going to be very, very fucking suspicious of me.
We'll have to do something a little fucked to get this back.
You have any weed or hash on you?
Yeah, I have about 20 grams  that I confiscated from the high school earlier.
Okay, that's fucking great.
Where is it?
Right front pocket.
Oh, my God, that's fucking perfect.
In a few seconds, I'm going to come at you.
We need to struggle.
It has to look fucking real.
I'm going to take your gun, point it at you.
You have to handcuff yourself to your fucking car.
You got it?
I think so.
Okay, I'm coming at you, Gordon.
You can fucking do this, bud.
Stay with me.
Are you ready?
Are you good?
Here I come!
Here I come!
Take out your handcuffs right now  and handcuff yourself to that fucking car, dummy!
Do it, come on!
Move along here!
What the fuck?
Go on, fucking hurry up here, Jesus Christ.
What the fuck are you trying to do?
Hand-cuff myself like you said.
Well, you should have used the steering wheel  or something, you fucking dummy!
Holy fuck, is that Moroccan?
I'll give this to those guys as a peace offering  and hopefully it chills them the fuck out.
And I'm going to tell fucking Chief Green  you saved the fucking day today, Gordon.
Thank you, Officer Cory.
Good job.
I appreciate that.
Right, take care of yourself.
Ricky, how the fuck did you do that?
That was unbelievable.
I know.
I may have to chug joints more often, man.
That was some of my best work ever.
Incredible, man.
That was fucking incredible.
Here, Bubs, do you want a gun?
Just put it down.
Let's go.
Here, have some hash.
Chill the fuck out.
That was fun.
That's Moroccan!
Well, well, well.
If it isn't the Right Honourable Ricky the Slug Fucker.
To what do I owe this dubious honour?
What are you, tonguing my shaft there, you tiger tonguer?
How are you two horse jerkers?
It wasn't a horse.
Ricky: I've got some great shit for you, brother.
Check it out.
Manhole covers, ten of the fucking things.
Looking good.
Give you 100 bucks for them.
100 bucks?
You gotta be fucking kidding me, man.
We used to make more than that for them in fucking elementary school.
Well, it ain't frankincense and fucking myrrh.
They're manhole covers.
That's the price of steel.
100 bucks.
This is just fucking great, Julian.
Great plan.
Now what are we going to do?
My truck's going to get crushed.
Did you crush George's truck yet?
Maybe we can sell it on fucking Kijiji or something.
Oh, no, I crushed the living shit out of that thing but, uh,  you know, I did something under the front seat  that you boys are going to want to take a look at.
I think you might be able to use this.
Jesus Christ!
What the fuck?
Holy fuck!
Ted: Hey, where do you think you're going...
Julian: I'm not here to talk to you, Ted...
Ricky: Get the fuck out of the way there, cock-burger!
You guys can't just walk in here.
Oh, I think we actually can, Georgie.
We want Bubbles' truck back.
Ricky: And we want you to stop fucking with us forever.
So you're here to nail me, are you?
You're fucking rights I am.
Ricky: Let's go with the keys, you deep-fried shit-log!
I've got to admit you guys are pretty good.
I think you got me this time.
You take a great picture there, George.
A calendar we did, to raise money for breast cancer.
Big hit down at the flea market, too.
Raised a ton of cash.
What else have you got, tough guy?
For fuck's sakes.
Look, George, that's a really nice thing you did there for a great cause.
But can I just have my fucking truck back, please?
I didn't do anything wrong and you know it.
I saved up the money forever to get that truck  and I need it for my business.
Okay, Bubbles, I'll tell you what.
I'll give you the truck back.
One condition.
You return my truck to my parking space,  your truck is free to go.
I didn't take your truck, though.
Probably not... but I'm guessing you know who did.
No idea what you're talking about, George.
You know what?
I don't even give a fuck the truck was stolen.
Come on.
Get in here, shut the door.
Thing is, being chief of police,  the insurance companies tend not to question claims.
New set of golf clubs, brand new set of skis,  a couple of really nice vintage guitars,  top-of-the-line hockey gear.
All gone.
Bubbles: Come on, George, this is fucking bullshit  and you know it.
Just give me the truck back.
I'll sweeten the deal.
I don't even want the thing back.
I just want someone in this room  to admit they took it.
That's it.
You can walk away.
So, if somebody in this room right here,  admitted they took the truck,  there'd be no consequences and we could get my truck?
If I stole the fucking thing, I would tell you.
But I didn't!
Heh, okay.
Ted, can you get the fuck in here a minute, please?
Yeah, chief?
Could you escort these gentlemen out of the building?
And when you're done that,  get the vehicles slated crushed over to Dixon's junkyard. make sure you tell him to crush them... extra small.
Extra small.
Come on, buddy.
My poor little truck's going to be extra small.
Just like the size of both of your cocks.
Come on, come on.
This is fucking bullshit, Julian.
You could have fucking saved that.
What the fuck was I supposed to do, huh?
You know he would have fucked us over anyway.
Think about it.
He might not have.
Look, we'll try to get you another truck somehow, okay?
Oh, yeah, we'll get you another one.
No big deal.
Boys, the fucking truck is the least of our fucking worries right now.
If we don't get back the Nuclear Bloom, I can tell you this:  There is no fucking possible way  to grow that much dope in time.
We're fucked!
Hey, Julian.
I could easily make sure that truck never gets down to Dixon's  if you were to, uh, do me a little favour.
What the fuck is it?
What the fuck is going on in there?
That's "Flight of the Bumblebee".
Let's go.
Oh my fuck!
Oh my sweet Jesus!
Ricky: Jesus fucking Christ!
What the fuck is wrong with you two?
What can I do for you, Julian?
Look, there's a certain sexual video  that Randy's been using to blackmail somebody  and we're not leaving here without it.
We want it right the fuck now!
What's he talking about, Randy?
I don't know what you're talking about, Bubbles.
Lahey: Eh...
Talking about a sexual video  that you're blackmailing somebody with, Randy.
Holy shit...
You don't know, do you?
Randy, I suggest you hand over the fucking video  or I'm going to explain every little detail to your fucking fianc here.
Where is it?
It's on my phone.
So my father's a bee and he's a flower?
He's a flower, Ricky, and a bee  and there's probably some kind of a pollination thing going on here.
...stinger cock...
Did you make any copies of this?
I'm not smart enough for that, Julian. fucking idiot.
All right, let's go. fuck boys, I hope this doesn't run in the family.
No, you should be okay, Ricky.
Should be all right.
Next time please knock.
Randy, I want to know what's on that videotape  or the engagement's off.
What, Randy?
So honey comes from a bee's cock?
No, Ricky.
...this, buddy.
There she is.
How did you make out?
We got it.
Did you get rid of the dash-cam footage of us from earlier?
All done.
So, we have a deal, then.
I don't know.
Julian, what the fuck are you doing?
Give him the video.
Bubs, this deal's kind of unfair, man.
No, it isn't unfair.
It's perfectly fair!
Give him the sex video and let's get my truck.
This video's worth a fuck of a lot more  than that shitty truck, man.
Watch your mouth.
What's the story on the Caddy?
Is that being crushed?
It's going to auction.
Okay, boys.
Gotta do this quick.
I've got to get back to feed Coolnow.
You know, so he's not fucking with my kitties, I mean.
You now what, I've been thinking about it, Bubs.
It wasn't fair of me to dump him on you like that.
So I'm going to find a new home for him tomorrow.
All right?
No, Ricky, no.
It's okay.
I mean, he's not that big of a nuisance.
I'll keep looking after the little fucker  just 'cause Mo loves him.
Oh, fuck!
I don't know what's going on with my nuts, boys,  they seem to be getting worse not better.
There's an awful fucking stink coming off them too.
Jesus Christ, what kind of a stink, Ricky?
They're probably fucking infected.
I don't know.
I haven't had time to deal with them.
It's not easy to see.
It takes some fucking planning.
How much of this shit are we going to need right now?
All of it.
All of it?
How many fucking plants are in there?
Come take a look.
Ah, fuck...
Julian: What are you doing, Ricky?
Are you going to turn on some fucking lights?
Holy fuck!
My fuck, Ricky.
When you said you were hiding the plants at the rink,  I didn't think you meant like this.
This isn't really hiding anything.
Yes, it is.
It's hiding them from the people outside, like out in the world.
This is... it's fucking amazing, man.
Are you sure there's enough plants to fill the order, though?
Ricky: Oh, yeah, big time.
I did all the calculations myself.
Well, no offense, Ricky,  but you stopped going to math in Grade 6.
It's not really math, fucking 30,000 bottles,  one gram per bottle is 30,000 grams,  454 grams in a pound, we need about 66 pounds  about a quarter pound per plant, 264 plants.
And we're going to grow 350 just to be safe.
Holy fuck, Ricky, that was unbelievable!
Well, that's how you should have been doing math calculations your whole life.
You should have been treating everything like a... like a weed calculation.
I never really thought about that.
We should be good, boys.
And after everything we've been through,  what the fuck else could possibly go wrong?
Ricky, why would you say that?
That's exactly what the people in the movies say,  right before everything does go to shit.
I really need my family.
Two days, promise.
Yeah, sure.
You're a good granddaughter, Trin.
Fish: fuck! fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Oh, fuck.
What time is it?
Cameraman: 9:30.
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
All right, I'll be out in a minute.
So what's up, Bubbles?
Do you want to tell me what's wrong?
Well, it's just... you know, I've got some things going on  and you're always such a good listener.
I thought maybe we could talk.
Yeah, well, thank you.
You know you can talk to me  any time about anything.
Well, it's just that...
I think I might be coming  a little bit attached to Coolnow.
I don't know exactly how to deal with it.
What's wrong with that?
Well, I just... you know, I... feel like I'm kind of cheating on my kitties, you know.
They're... always been my main thing and...
Hey, you know what?
You're right,  You probably should cool it with Coolnow.
Oh, fuck!
I knew it.
Like, look at this guy.
He's really neglected.
He's so jealous.
Oh my God, I knew it!
He hates Coolnow, I think...
Sorry , Coolnow.
I'm just kidding!
Of course it's okay to love Coolnow.
It doesn't mean you love your kitties any less.
You think so?
Yeah, it's totally fine.
You guys can all live in the shed together like a big happy family.
Hey, what do you think of that?
Who's a good Papa's dog?
Bubs, why the fuck didn't you wake me up?
We're late!
Let's go!
Well, Ricky's still here.
I didn't think there was a big fucking rush.
Ricky's still here?!
Ricky, what the fuck are you doing?
You were supposed to be down at the rink  a half hour ago letting in the kids.
The plants need food, man!
Ricky, why do you got frozen hot dogs on your unit?
I can't move, boys. fucking something going on with my nuts.
They're fucking killing me.
You jacked off too soon, didn't you?
Didn't ya?
Oh, he cranked it.
You know he cranked it.
How long did you fucking wait, Ricky?
Almost two days.
Two days!
Two fucking days!
Sam said two weeks!
What are you thinking?
I couldn't fucking take it.
I was horny.
It was fucking up my brain!
Now look at me. fucking all black and swollen up  like a couple of canned antelopes!
Oh, my Jesus!
'cause they're infected, Ricky!
Look at them!
Is that bad?
Is it bad for your balls to be infected?
We've got to get him to the hospital.
Let's go...
No, no, no.
First we gotta get down to the rink  before the parents start freaking out.
It's all good, Julian.
Dad's down there dealing with it.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Yeah, my dad.
Oh, Lord baby Jesus.
You're calling him Dad now?
That's what you call someone that makes you with their cock, Julian!
He's been living in your trailer for one week  and you totally trust him?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Holy fuck, man!
It's not a big deal!
He went down and turned the lights on and let the kids in.
It's fine!
It's not fine!
Think about it!
You think about it.
My dad warned me  Randy was fucking moving in to bust us with the plants.
That's why I moved them.
Why the fuck would he do that?
Would you please  just use your brain this one time, Ricky?
What's going to get us more time if we get busted?
Some clones, or a rink full of plants, huh?
I'm telling you, man, you're wrong.
Dad's on our side.
Would you stop calling him that? just think about all the shit he's done to us in our past,  all the times he tried to fucking... fuck us over and all the effort he put into it, man.
Just think about that!
This could be his biggest fuck-over ever  and it's gonna be because of you.
Oh, fucking slutty mother of horny Mary!
I never really thought about it like that.
Oh, for fuck's sakes! fuck me!
What if you are right?
If he really that fucking smart?
He could be.
He's not drinking.
We've got to find out the truth, boys.
Bubs, have you got anything there?
I don't know, Julian.
It's all medical fucking jargon, chromosomes-this  and fucking haemoglobin-that.
I don't have the bandwidth for this.
Well, we've got to find somebody with the brand-width.
Like, who the fuck can we get to do this?
The same guy that's gonna fix your nuts.
At Sam's clinic.
You couldn't wait two fucking days?
You truly are a fucking idiot.
Why don't you fuck off, okay?
I've been dealing with some pretty heavy shit lately.
I had to fucking jack it.
Oh, yeah.
I heard about that.
Of all the fucking people in the world,  he's potentially your father.
Maybe we should let him die.
He'd probably be better off.
Can you help us prove Lahey's not his dad or what?
Look, that would take DNA, and it's beyond my capabilities.
But, if we were to get Lahey's blood type,  his blood type and his mother's blood type,  I might be able to help you out.
Yeah, well good luck with that one, guys.
Wait, now.
So if we can get everybody's blood type,  you'll be able to tell whether he's lying or not?
But what do you got?
What do you mean, what do I got?
Well, the Jeep is fucking driving great,  but that was for not cutting off his cock.
This is a whole new fucking deal.
Listen, you big-lipped fuck!
You're gonna tell us and you're gonna fix up his fucking bag  or I'm going to knock those big, stupid teeth down your goddamn throat  and I'm going to burn your fucking place down to the ground!
You got it?
Okay, okay!
I'll do it,  if... you burn this place down.
Look, the business isn't doing  what I fucking thought it was going to do.
Obviously I know fuck-all about Botox.
I've got people coming after me trying to sue me.
But I do have two insurance policies.
So, if you burn this fucking place down, I'll make a killing.
Julian, don't do it.
Come on. fuck, you're greasy.
So just like that?
Let's fucking add arson  to the fucking litany of charges facing us.
There's nothing wrong with my arse.
It's my... my nut-bag.
No, arson, Ricky!
Whoever alphabetized this  should be taken out and kicked in the nuts.
Just keep looking.
Well, they're not in any fucking order.
There are just Q's and J's and fucking everything!
Oh, just wait!
Here's Lahey!
I've got Jim Lahey right there.
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
There's no Flower over here, man.
Well, it's not going to be under Flower.
Think about it.
It's Ray Flower.
No, it's Ray Lafleur.
He changed it to Flower.
What the fuck are you talking about?
The truckers were always teasing him,  calling him fucking Frenchie and frog lips and poutine face,  and he was like, fuck you guys, my name's Ray Flower now"  Lafleur.
It's right here, Bubs,  right in front of your fucking face!
Well, it's not in any order!
Look, it's in between a Z and a fucking R!
Here's Tammy's.
It's not my fucking fault.
Oh, this is the jackpot, though, Julian.
There's Ray's blood right there: type A.
Raymond Lafleur.
Tammy's the same thing.
So what's that mean?
I don't now what it means  but it's fucking critical information.
Look at this: Sexual Health Report.
Look how many times he had chlamydia!
Holy fuck!
Call Guinness Records!
Just gotta get Lahey's, and we'll be all set.
Yeah, do you think he's just going to give it to us?
All we can do now is ask him.
We're not going to fucking ask him for it, man!
He's going to know we're up to something.
But how the fuck are we going to get it?
I know how to do this, okay.
It'll be easy.
Let's go.
Come on!
Okay, that should just about do it.
Now don't be jacking it or fucking anybody for the next two weeks  or you're going to wind up right back in here again.
You got it, dummy?
Yeah, trust me,  I'm never fucking going through this again.
Can I ask you a question?
How do you keep your bag so soft?
I mean, do you use any special creams or oils?
Not in a g-gay way.
I mean, I've been working on mine for a long time  and it's like a calloused old alligator  and a porcupine fucked and had a baby.
Listen, I'm not going to fucking sit here  and have a conversation with you about how to keep your fucking bag soft.
Are we done here?
So this IV should take about 45 minutes to go through your system.
Best thing for you to do  is to get back on the gurney, lay back and relax, okay?
Come on.
Get back on the gurney.
Yeah, good idea, actually.
Shut my stupid fucking brain down for a bit.
Here, let me help you.
Here you go.
Just keep your fucking hands off me.
Oh, fuck.
You gonna fucking answer for me today, you asshole?
Oh, right on.
Hey, Dad.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Oh, God damn it.
I'll be right there!
Not a good idea, Ricky.
Not a good idea!
What are the kids up to?
The kids?
Well, they went home.
It's pitch black in there.
Ricky: Did you call the power company?
Power company said,  first thing in the morning.
That's the best they can do.
First thing in the morning, oh my... motherfuckers, (Muttering) that's not going to work.
The plants are going to fucking die.
First thing in the morning, seriously?
Those fucking assholes!
Yeah, they are a bunch of assholes...
That's not going to work!
We need to get to them right the fuck now!
Listen, Rick...
We've got to get the fucking power back on!
You're going to have to calm down, son.
For fuck's sakes...
Don't worry about a thing, Rick.
Everything's going to be okay. fucking assholes. fuck me!
I'll call you back, Son.
What the fuck is going on, Randy?
No big deal, it's just a couple drinkie-poos, Mr Lahey.
You're drunk!
Yeah, I'm frigging drunk!
Listen, Randy.
You've got to get the hell out of here before the cops come.
Frig the cops!
Let them come.
I guess you'll just have to cover for me, bud.
Randy, you crashed a motor vehicle under the influence.
It's going to be pretty fucking hard for me to cover you for this one!
Oh, really?
Well, what about all the times I covered for you when you were drunk  and crashing cars and pissing yourself and shooting people?
Randy, just keep it down.
You're begging for people to call the police.
Oh, am I being too loud?
I'm sorry for frigging being too loud, everybody!
And guess what?
I'm frigging resigning as assistant trailer park supervisor!
Frig it!
I can't take it, Mr. Lahey.
I can't take it.
Randy, it's going to be okay, bud.
Look, just calm down.
I can't take it.
I'm here for you.
Come on.
Let's get in the car and we'll take you home, okay?
I don't know, Mr. Lahey.
Come on, Randy.
I love you, bud.
Come on, get in the car.
You do?
You still love me?
You're darn right I do, Randy.
It's going to be okay.
Come on, bud. fuck off!
Oh, fuck!
Holy fuck!
Gorilla Fingers?
Oh, hi, Ricky.
Hey, man.
Listen, I go by Grant now.
Mr. Gorilla Fingers is a thing of the past, okay?
And listen.
I don't have any spare change either.
I gave it all to the guy inside for a tip.
I'm not bumming change here, cock face.
So you're working for the power company now, huh?
Let's just say it was time for a... uhh...  a little change of scenery.
Yeah, I bet.
Being a prison guard's the worst job ever, man.
People think you're a fucking asshole right off the bat.
I would have quit long ago.
Well, I didn't actually quit, you see... they were accusing me of doing things down there, and...
I decided to get lost before they made a mountain out of a molehill, you know?
Yeah, I get it.
Look, man, I could really use your help.
I've got a serious fucking power problem.
Can you come and have a look at it for me?
Listen,  just put in a work order like everyone else, okay?
Look man, I don't have time for this.
Between me and you, I'm growing a bit of dope  and I've got a serious fucking problem...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, no.
If there's dope involved here, man, I'm out.
I'm not... going to risk my job over something like this.
No way.
Come on, man.
That's not very good customer service.
Forget about it, man.
Well, you know what?
I was trying to be a nice guy here.
Now look what you made me fucking do!
Get the fuck in the van and get over the other side.
Get in there!
...fucking shit!
What's the matter with you? fuck's sakes... fuck off! fuck me slowly, would you relax!
Jesus Christ!
Julian: Hey, guys.
Hey, Julian.
That's what I'm talking about.
All right, bring it in, bring it in.
All right, I need you guys to round up some bottles.
I got a little mission for you, okay?
We don't do that shit anymore.
Throwing bottles at people is kids' stuff.
Oh, come on!
I'll give you guys a big bag of chips each.
Nobody wants chips anymore.
All right, what do you want, then?
Okay, I can respect that.
I'll give you a pint.
No fucking way!
You're not giving liquor to the kids!
Bubs, it's a pint between six of them, man.
It's not going to fuck them up.
Think about what you just said.
Repeat that back to yourself.
We'll do it for a pint.
Julian: Okay.
And some cigarettes.
No fucking way, Ronnie.
You're not getting cigarettes!
Who's the target?
I want you to aim for the head  but not the face, okay?
Make sure you don't stop until you see blood.
Got it?
All right, pound it.
Oh, my fuck.
That ought to do it. fucking awesome, Gorilla...
You're a fucking life-saver, man.
I thought I was gonna lose all my babies.
No hard feelings?
Well, I don't know about that, Rick.
My boss has got this thing GPS'd, okay?
I'm not going to get fired over this stuff.
I'm going to have to tell him some fuckwad with a gun held me up!
What the fuck are you talking about?
Listen, man.
You seem like a nice guy.
But you make a lot of bad decisions all the time.
I'm not going to get fired over this.
Hold the fuck on here!
We can work this out.
What if I was to set you up with... what about a bunch of lobsters?
Have a big lobster party back at your fucking office?
Yeah, that sounds pretty good, actually.
My boss is a real pig when it comes to that fancy rich food.
There we go.
That's the spirit.
Let me make a call, all right?
You fuck with me today, you're getting smashed!
Just fucking letting you know, dickhead!
Yeah, what about the garlic butter and the salad?
Can you throw in that stuff too?
What the fuck do you think?
Hey, Julian.
How's it going, man?
Well, not great.
Remember Gorilla Fingers, the guard at jail?
Yeah, well, he works for the power company now.
I kidnapped him at gunpoint  and he says he's going to fucking tell on me.
How soon could you get me, like, 20, 30 pounds of lobster?
You can have them by the morning.
Is that cool?
That sounds awesome.
That's fucking perfect, Julian.
Thanks, man.
Yeah, whatever, Ricky.
God damn it!
Looks like I'm poaching lobsters tonight,  thanks to fuckhead.
Why, what did he do now?
He kidnapped a power employee at gunpoint.
Oh my fuck.
Randy: Camel balls!
Sorry, Mr. Lahey.
Lahey: Oh, Randy...
I'll be right back.
I gotta pee.
Julian, I've got a fucking bad feeling about this.
There's got to be another option.
Listen to me.
Lahey's been fucking us over our entire lives.
He even tried to kill us, for Christ's sakes!
This is not going to be that bad.
Don't worry about it.
Child: Let's get him!
Lahey: (Groaning)
Child: Keep hitting him.
Bubbles: Oh, my fuck!
Jesus Christ, Julian!
They're going to kill him!
Children: Good one!
Come on, one more!
Keep going!
It's too much!
It's too much!
Call it off right now!
No, no, hang on,  I told them not to stop until there was blood.
Child: I think I hit him in the head.
Lahey: (Growling)
No, fuck this!
I'm going in.
No, no, no!
Just wait a bit longer.
Child: Keep going!
Oh, my fuck.
They're going to kill him!
Okay, here.
Get some blood on these, put it in the bag.
Hurry up.
I'm not doing that!
You fucking do it!
Bubs, I can't fucking do that!
Think about it.
If I go in and fucking try to save him,  he's gonna be totally suspicious about that.
Hurry up, they're going to fucking kill him!
Hurry up!
You're an asshole!
Children: That's enough, you guys.
He's bleeding.
Let's get the fuck out of here!
...get back here!
You stop right there!
Jesus Murphy!
Those little bastards!
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Here, get up.
I'm okay, Bubbles.
I'm okay.
I was just out... collecting bugs with that and I was... starting to get a cold and just about to blow my nose.
Here, you're bleeding.
Luckily I've got some nice fresh tissue there.
Oh, Bubbles...
Get back here right now!
Who hired you, you little frigging punk?
Who hired you?
Yes, sir.
Here, you take one for yourself.
Keep some pressure on that.
But I think I left the iron on in my shed.
I gotta get back.
I'll throw that away.
Okay, Bubbles.
You take care of yourself.
That was fucking terrible.
That was terrible.
Who hired you to do this, right now?
Tell me!
Julian promised us a pint of rum.
He said not to stop until there was blood.
How'd you make out, man?
Julian, that was fucking horrible!
That was fucked!
That can never happen again!
That was fucked.
I didn't think it would be anywhere near that fucking crazy.
Did you get the blood?
Yes, I got his blood!
Okay, all we can do now is go and see Sam and see what he has to say.
Oh, that's all we can do?
Maybe we could actually just get rid of that  and forget that we tried to just kill Mr. Lahey.
Bubs, if we don't use the blood  to figure out if he's Ricky's father,  then he just went through that attack for no reason whatsoever.
Is that what you want, man?
Do you want that to be all for nothing?
All right.
Let's go see that big-lipped, cro-magnon- looking motherfucker  and see what he has to say.
Some people think I'm fucking nuts but there's been a lot of studying done  saying if you talk to your plants, they get growed bigger.
Oh, fucking whale whores!
Who the fuck left that right there?
All right, my sweet little ladies, you ready?
Sunshine's back!
Ah, for fuck's sakes!
Jesus fucking Christ!
Why do you keep fucking with me?
I'm not a bad guy.
Cameraman: Don't you want to pull the main switch there?
The main switch.
Ricky fucked up.
Okay girls, here we go!
Tan my fucking bear's ass and tits!
I am so, so fucking sorry for what happened earlier.
Please forgive me and let's just move past this, okay?
You're beautiful, each and every one of you.
I love you guys.
To make up for that bullshit earlier,  I'm giving you an extra shot of nutrients for supper tonight.
How's that sound?
Hear that?
They are fucking pumped!
Corey: Four!
Sarah: Four words.
First word.
Hug, hug.
"Saturday Night Fever"?
Fourth word.
Jesus Christ...
Horny toad!
It was fucking "Dances with the Wolves",  you cow-brained tit-dummies!
Okay, I got one.
Ricky: Hey!
You stupid, heartless, fucking asshole!
My dad told me what you did.
What the fuck are you doing kidnapping people, huh?
And thank you, I'm really looking forward to poaching lobsters tonight  because of you, for fuck's sakes!
Well, I'm really fucking happy you almost killed my dad!
Look, Ricky, that was completely fucked.
We're sorry.
Is he okay?
Don't tell me you were part of this.
I guess you can go fuck yourself too then!
Ricky, I didn't want to be!
I didn't really have a fucking choice.
There's always a choice.
That's why the fucking guy choiced to invent the word!
Look, man.
I'm really sorry, okay?
I had to get his blood, that's the only thing I could come up with.
That's the only thing you could come up with?
Smashing my dad, the great-grandfather of fucking Motel,  in the head with bottles?
Why didn't you just ask him for his blood type, dummy?
I didn't think it was going to be that crazy.
I said I was sorry, man.
Okay, can we be cool?
Because we've got a lot of shit to do.
"Can we be cool?" No, we can't fucking be cool.
Right now my brain's in override trying to sort out all these think-ages.
And it's really fucking pissed off at both of you.
So guess what?
One for you, and two for you! fuck yourselves!
This is great, Julian.
Really fucking nice.
Way to go.
You can have one from me too.
Well, one right back at you.
Well, two right back at you.
Two back at you.
Three back at you, counting my wiener.
Always got to bring up your wiener, don't you?
Yeah, because you always... ask me about it.
Ah, fuck off!
Ask me how it is,  and if it's still smooth and...
Come on, light...
All right.
Let's go.
Bubbles: Guess this isn't so bad.
You guys seem to be getting along pretty good...
This is great.
I can love you guys equally as much  and there's nothing wrong with that.
Julian: Bubs.
Go away.
I'm busy.
I'll just be a minute, man.
I've still got to go out and do some fucking poaching, for fuck's sakes.
Yeah, I was just listening to the news there, Julian.
Heard Sam had a bit of a fucking fire.
Yeah, he did.
Yeah, I wonder how that started.
Look man, this is important.
Well, guess what?
Me losing my other best friend 'cause of you, that's important to me.
Like, what are we going to do now?
Everything's fucked.
Well, things just got even more fucked.
I got the results from Sam.
We were right.
Lahey's definitely not Ricky's father.
It's impossible with their blood types.
Oh, my sweet fuck!
Yeah, it's bad, man.
But guess what else?
Ray's not Ricky's father either.
Oh, my God.
Ray's not Ricky's father...
Fish: fuck! fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Bubbles: Julian, we need to tell him the fucking truth!
We can't.
Not yet.
Well, the more attached he becomes  and the comfortable he becomes around Lahey,  the more pissed off he's going to be when he finds out  we knew and we didn't fucking tell him!
Look, man, I'm not buying this.
Think about it.
Why would it take Lahey so long  to fucking tell him something like that, huh?
I don't know, but... whether he's really Ricky's father or not, he honestly fucking believes that he is.
He believes it!
Do you think this is a coincidence?
Lahey broke up with Randy, then gained Ricky's trust.
Now, all of a sudden,  they're one big happy fucking family?
Come on, man!
Oh, I don't know.
No way.
Lahey's smart, Ricky's dumb, and Lahey knows that.
He's just fucking tugging at his heart-strings, man.
Look how fucking sincere he looks right now.
Look at him.
It's pretty fucking brilliant, actually.
Oh, fuck's sakes!
Now you're getting me all worked up,  second-guessing myself!
Look, you've just got to calm down.
Lahey's smart, but I'm smarter.
We've just got to harvest all that weed,  get it out of the rink by today.
That's all we've got to do.
Oh is that all?
That's easy!
Harvest a couple of hundred weed plants  and move them to a new location undetected. fuck, I can do that by myself!
I'm being sarcastic!
Julian: Hey, Ricky.
Did you guys hear something?
'Cause I know I fucking didn't.
It's Julian talking, Ricky.
How long are you going to go without talking to me?
It's been a week.
We've nothing to talk about.
I don't talk  to fucking Arnold Swarzenanegger fucking imperforators  trying to fucking ruin other people's families  'cause they're fucking jealous!
Ricky, don't be like that.
Come on.
You're absolutely right, man.
I am jealous.
I've never had a dad before  and you've had two now.
It hurts, man.
Oh, so what?
You're just going to fucking kill my new one?
It wasn't supposed to be crazy like that.
Jesus, man.
Think about it.
The bottle kids never fucking hurt anybody  like that before!
Randy fucking said they told him  that you said to keep going until there was fucking blood!
I did not fucking say that, Randy!
Those kids must be on chemicals  or drugs or something, man.
Look, Jim...
I'm sorry.
You know, I know we've had  our differences in the past.
I just want you to know that...
I accept you as Ricky's father.
And I don't mean to be jealous but I am.
I've always looked up to you all my life, man.
It's just tough.
It's awful big of you to say so, Julian.
It means a lot to me.
And I know I can't undo everything  that's happened in the past,  and...
I don't know... anything about fathers and sons and... you know, 'cause I've never had one before.
But I know, from what I've heard,  they go golfing together, so...
I got you guys these passes.
And here, you guys can use the Caddy.
I topped it up with gas.
Well, I couldn't go today.
I got to look at the plants  and they're probably ready for harvest.
Ricky, we can forget about it.
It's just one day, man.
What's important here is that you guys  have some catching up to do.
All right?
I'm sorry, man.
You really mean that, Julian?
Of course I do, man.
You guys are my fucking brothers.
Thanks, Julian.
You're a good fucking guy.
You've earnt my expect again.
You okay, Bubs?
What are you doing?
R2D2 trying to get in on the love.
Get in here, man.
I love you guys.
I don't want to be fighting, man.
Golf, huh?
It can't be that hard.
Lahey: Great to have you back, Ran.
I'm really looking forward to moving past all this  and just being one big happy family with everyone.
Well, not everyone.
What do you mean?
Well, not Julian. that was a really sincere apology, bud.
You didn't actually fall for that shit?
After everything he's done to you?
I know, Randy, but... let's not forget all the horrible things  I did to Julian.
To all of them, for that matter.
It's not like he tried  to blow me up with dynamite.
I'm not letting this go, if that's what you think.
You're never going to be a cop.
It's not about that.
It's about standing up and taking Julian down  for everything he's ever done to you.
Randy, you're going to drive yourself crazy.
I'm telling you, bud!
He's sending you golfing  for a reason.
Think about it.
Don't waste your life  chasing Julian around like I did, Randy!
I can't believe you're falling for his shit!
This is what he always does!
People change, Randy.
Look at me!
I'm living proof!
Randy: I'm taking the frigging car!
Hey, T, listen up, man.
What's up, man?
There's been a change of plans.
We've got to harvest today.
I'm going to need all hands on deck, boys.
Yeah, like, right now.
I can't see it, man.
I got a two-hour corporate gig  booked in the T Box,  plus phones gotta get fixed.
I got cards that need to be programmed. shit's too tight.
It's impossible.
It's impossible.
I'll give you a half a pound of weed.
Roc-Pile, let's roll!
Green, hold shit down here, man.
Hold it down.
What happened to impossible? shit, a half a pound of weed  will move mountains.
You know what it is.
All right, see you down at the rink, man.
Cory, Jacob, round up  as many people from the park as you can,  meet us down at the fucking rink.
Okay, Julian.
All right.
Let's go, man.
All right.
Ricky: I'll tell you right now,  there's no fucking way I'm calling Randy "Mom"  or "Mother" or "Dad Number Two". fuck that!
Don't worry, Ricky, that'll never be the case.
This game is so fucked.
Why do we have to use golf club sticks?
I can't feel any one.
Who knows.
Maybe you'll end up liking the game.
We can invite...
For fuck's sake...
Maybe we'll, uh... invite Jacob and Randy along,  have a foursome.
Have a foursome?
Jacob and Randy?
Dad, no offence, but I only bang chicks.
I'm not talk about a sex party, Ricky.
Foursome is a word you use  when four people play golf.
Oh, okay.
Man: You're all set, guys.
The clubs will be on the cart.
Here's your key,  and the locker rooms are down to the right.
Locker rooms?
Well, I assume you're going to change out of those.
Well you fucking assume wrong.
Are you going to change?
What you're wearing  is way more fucked than what I'm wearing!
You look like a fucking candy cane tarantula slut!
Sir, there are rules.
I can't allow you on the course dressed like that.
Okay, I get it.
Well, I can't allow you to fuck off and lick my balls  unless I ask you to fuck off and lick my balls.
Can you fuck off and lick my balls?
Can you fucking do that?
Sir, that's not in my job description.
Well, fucking put it in your job description,  you little dick.
Hey, I'll take care of it.
Lahey: Ricky!
What a dick...
Lahey: Come on, bud!
Julian: All right, doing a great job.
Less fluffing, more cutting.
Ma'am, you're not cutting hair, you're cutting weed.
Doesn't have to look pretty.
Julian, I'm sorry.
We're just not strong enough to cut these things.
We can cut the buds  but you can't cut through these stalks.
Okay, I'm sorry, ladies.
It is pretty tough.
Roc-Pile, you guys are going to have  to double-time it on the stalks.
They can't cut through it.
This is what you guys can do.
You're going to be the baggers, okay?
You're going to bag everything.
Thank you.
We'll try our best, Julian.
Thank you, ladies.
It's all I ask for.
Jacob, get the fuck over here.
Do you think you guys could find some people  that can actually cut through a fucking weed plant?
Oh, that's not our fault, dude.
Everyone else was at work.
The oldies are the only one around  during the daytime.
Yeah, exactly.
You guys are so fucking stupid!
We got to pick up the pace here, man.
What, are you fucking crazy?
You're going to threaten the oldies with a handgun?
I'm not going to threaten them.
Just going to wave it around a bit,  maybe fire one off in the air, man.
Just get the adrenaline going.
Picking it up.
You're not getting their fucking adrenaline going!
You get their adrenaline going  and their fucking hearts gonna explode!
They're old as the hills, Julian!
All right, okay.
Respect your fucking...
Look at me.
Respect your elders.
I do!
All right, listen up, everybody.
I know everyone's working really hard  but, if we're going to pull this off,  you've got to pick up the fucking pace for me.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Put it away!
I put the safety...
Jesus Murphy!
It's okay, everybody!
It's okay.
Remain calm.
That was just a very loud pellet gun  and it will not happen again.
Try to keep your heart rates down, please.
I was...
You're a fucking asshole!
I was just putting the safety on.
Oh yeah, just putting the safe...
Who are you, Cyrus now?
Aw jeez, don't you ever call me Cyrus.
Well, stop acting like him!
Well, start working then!
I am working!
What are you doing,  walking around fucking scaring people?
Getting bags.
I'm working.
What the fuck are you doing, nothing.
I'm taking fucking...
Lahey: Bounced off that tree right there.
I thought the little fucking idiot was right here.
I can't believe this costs 200 bucks!
I look like a... fucking dick!
There's the little fuckface.
Get out the way then, you fucking idiot.
Woah, woah, woah, woah!
Green's over this way.
This way?
Keep it low, under there. fuck off.
Just remember...
Look, stand... trunk up...
Nice and easy.
Just relax, just relax.
I'm relaxed.
I feel good, Dad.
Why are you such a stupid fucking cocksucker!
This is taking a real long time.
Can we play through?
What the fuck kind of a game is through?
Right now I'm trying to play golf, so why don't you fuck off  'cause I'm trying to concentrate!
You can play through  when we're fucking done with golf, dickhead!
These are the gentlemen that used the passes  right here, Chief.
Why am I not surprised?
You guys dating now?
Actually, George,  Ricky's my son.
I never told him.
Wish I'd known that one years ago.
What the fuck do you want?
Well, Rick,  the passes you guys used here today  came from the glove compartment of my truck,  which was stolen.
I told them to give me a call  if anybody was ever dumb enough to use them,  (Chuckling) and here you are.
George, I didn't steal your fucking truck.
George: Oh, I know you didn't.
Julian did.
But you are in possession  of stolen property now, aren't you?
No, actually, I'm not.
I'm in possession of two golf passes  I bought at the fucking flea market.
So why don't you go down there and try to figure out  who the fuck sold them to me instead of standing here  blowing fucking super-dick shit-smoke up our fucking asses?
George, you have no evidence.
You know it.
Shut the fuck up, Jim.
I've got enough  to drag you both down to the station  and make you sit there all day in the heat  until someone's ready to see you.
Come on, let's go.
My fuck, you're a dick, George.
Actually you're more than a dick,  you're fucking king and lord of the fucking dicks!
George, we're just trying to have  a real nice quiet game of golf here.
What's it going to take  for you to just walk away?
What have you got in your pockets?
As usual...
I've got $35.
That's more than I paid  for the tickets at the charity auction.
Good, you're happy?
Both of you, fuck off, then!
Sir, I will let you finish the ninth hole,  but you have to stop with the yelling and swearing.
I can do that.
Can I still do this, though, fuckhead?
This fucking game can suck my cock!
Good one, Rick.
Julian: This is a goddamn fucking nightmare.
Oh, I know it is.
Do you think I don't know that?
Would you stop fucking poking me with those things?
Why don't you try downsizing the pythons?
Why don't you fuck off?
Bubbles: Oh, my God.
Hey, kids! there's no hockey school today.
I guess somebody failed to mention that to you, did they?
Oh, man, you guys are harvesting without us.
Ricky said that was the funnest part.
Did he tell you how to do it?
My God, you guys were helping Ricky with this?
We grew most of it.
Who do you think been feeding the fucking things?
Yeah, dummy.
My God!
Okay, kids, I want you to get into groups of two, okay?
No fucking way, Julian!
Bubs, what other choice do we have?
We have a choice!
And you better think hard about making it, too,  because these are the kind of choices  that reveal your true character, bud.
Bubs, things could get more and more complicated, okay?
When things get more complicated,  there's greater and greater risks involved.
I swear to fuck the more storybooks you read,  the more fucked in the head you sound!
You've got to remember why we're doing this!
You want to live on the ocean on that piece of land  as a family?
Do you?
Oh, you're going to try this again?
I know what you're doing.
Do you or don't you?
All right, let's do this then.
Just wait.
We'll do it on one condition.
We'll do it on one condition.
You look into the camera,  Julian, and you say  that the kids had nothing to do with this.
Are you fucking kidding me?
That's the only way it's happening.
Right, kids?
Kids: Do it, Julian!
Do it!
Do it!
All right, all right, all right!
I'll do it.
Hi, I'm Julian.
And if you're watching this  at the police station right now, I was busted.
I just want to make it very clear that if there was children  or senior citizens involved as well,  they weren't involved, okay?
Don't arrest them.
I manipulated everybody.
Okay, is that cool?
At gunpoint.
At gunpoint.
It was all me and Ricky and...
Oh, and Jim Lahey and Randy, as well.
They were involved too.
Okay, are we good?
And your best friend Bubbles  had nothing to do with it.
And my best friend in the world, Bubbles,  had nothing to do with this entire thing.
He warned me not to do it, said it was stupid,  I did it anyway, look what happened.
Okay, are we good now?
I believe that will suffice, yes.
All right, gung, ready to do this?
Kids: Yeah!
Okay, grab the clippers from the oldies  and let's start hacking down some plants!
Let's go!
Kids: Yeah!
Sweet Jesus, what have we done?
Man: This is bullshit.
Oh, look, dude.
I normally have someone here helping me  and I am sorry, and...
We paid good money, we're not even fucked up.
Are you guys fucked up?
I'm not fucked up.
Yo, man, I'm sorry.
I apologize for everything.
I would have smoked a joint at the office if I knew this was all it was going to be.
We thought we were going to get really fucked up!
And I'm not fucked up!
And they're not fucked up!
I'm getting filmed and we're not fucked up!
Yo, man, calm down.
Let me see what I can do for you guys.
All right?
Calm down.
Hold on.
Yo, T.
Yeah, man, I can't hotbox this thing by myself.
Yeah, man, the clients are over here pissed off.
Tyrone: Stop being a pussy.
Put some muscle into it.
Tyrone: Get smoking and get down here.
The shit's ready to go.
For real?
A'ight, a'ight.
Just hold it down, man, hold it down.
What's going on?
Green has everything fucked.
He ain't coming.
No, no, no, no, no, no, you call him back,  we need that fucking bus right now, man!
Look, I can't do it, dawg.
That corporate gig is with a law firm. bitches is threatening to shut me down!
For fuck's sakes, T!
Well, you're only getting paid  a quarter pound of weed now, okay?
The other quarter was for the fucking bus,  which I don't have!
A'ight, a'ight.
I need to use your truck, buddy.
Oh, we're going to use my truck to haul weed  all over fucking town?
That's great!
Man: Hey, guys.
I'm looking for someone named Ricky.
Is that you?
There's no Ricky here, man.
Who the fuck are you? my God, that's... that's Nathan MacKinnon!
Kid: Holy fuck!
Oh, my God!
Drafted first overall rookie of the year!
I'm having a meltdown, Julian!
Calm, calm the fuck...
It's Nathan MacKinnon!
Please calm the fuck down!
He's right there.
All right, you're the Nathan MacKinnon,  the guy that plays fucking professional hockey?
No, Julian.
I'm sh1tting in my underwear  'cause it's a fucking impostor Nathan MacKinnon.
You actually showed up for Ricky's hockey school?
Right on, man.
Ah, no.
I found these all over town.
The other guys are pissed off  that their names are on this too.
Where is this Ricky guy?
My lawyer needs to talk to him.
Look, man.
I'm the garbage man here,  and I don't even know this fucking Ricky guy, but... now that you're here, man, I mean,  the kids know you're here.
You're going to look like a fucking dick  if you don't hang out with them, right?
Well obviously I'm going to play hockey with the kids.
Kids: Yes-s-s.
All right.
Can I play too?
We'll just stick with the kids, bud.
Hey, guys, this isn't cool.
I know.
I agree.
Let's go play hockey, guys!
Kids: (Cheering)
You okay?
I'm just freaking out.
All right, is all the weed out of there?
It is.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Did I actually shit myself?
Ricky: Well, this is the first time I've played.
You should be able to hit a few people  without fucking people getting pissed off.
Barmaid: Hey.
What can I get for you?
Oh, two beers, please.
Whatever that is.
The first beers with my son.
Something a father always looks forward to.
Barmaid: Are you guys members?
Here we go again!
Maybe we are, maybe we aren't.
What the fuck's it to you?
Well, you get a discount on drinks.
Ooh, discounts! fucking weirdos.
Barmaid: I'll take that as a no.
Oh, Jesus.
Why does everybody here  got a fucking bottle of dick juice rammed up their ass?
You know what?
When this deal's done, I might join this fucking place.
Then we'll see what's up around here.
When are you going to let all that go?
Mo's going to be awful unhappy  if you're not around.
The deal's almost done.
Snoop's sending his main guy, Sammy Ogea.
That'll be it, it'll be over.
Is that the guy who spray-painted me last year?
Yeah, that was fucked.
I'm going to make a lot of money, Dad. thank you.
Thank you.
Are you sure this is okay?
I mean, I don't want to be responsible  for getting you back on the liquor...
I don't have a problem  with alcohol anymore, Ricky.
You know, I realized my drinking  was filling a void.
Yeah, but Mo changed all that.
You know, it's easy quitting  when you're not quitting for yourself,  when you have someone to quit for.
You know, I already had one kid  who won't talk to me because of liquor.
I don't need a great-grandson who won't.
To Mo, my guardian angel.
To Mo.
Yeah, Ran?
Randy, there could be anything  in those garbage bags, including garbage.
Ran, I told you.
Leave Julian alone.
Listen, I've got to go now, okay?
The fuck's going on?
Ugh, Randy's on to Julian,  whatever's happening down at the rink.
Look, I've been trying to tell him.
I said, "Randy, drop it."  But I can't control him ever since he's been  on that "Well, I want to be a cop" kick.
You know, Randy's only half as dumb as people think.
What the fuck was he talking with garbage bags?
Oh, he saw Julian  taking garbage bags out of the rink.
Oh my fucking God!
Lahey: What?
That fucking prick!
He's fucking me!
We've got to go!
Future officer Randy here.
Suspects are now moving northbound.
Suspected contraband  is being moved to a new location.
That's the suspects' truck right there. fuck you!
Oh my fuck...
Oh my fucking God!
What the fuck is going on here?
Julian wouldn't take all my weed!
Kid: Him and Bubbles took it all.
You just missed them!
Who the fuck are you?
That's Nathan MacKinnon, you dumbass.
My God, you are so braindead sometimes,  it's amazing.
Sorry, man, I didn't recognize you.
Is your name Ricky?
No, I'm, uh...
Cory Trevorson.
This is my father Jacob.
Jacob Trevorson.
Nice to meet you.
What's this talk about weed?
Are you guys growing weed in here?
No, we're growing some tulips and daisies  for the big upcoming flower show...
Kids: Oh, come on!
Well, they got fucked over by weeds  and we were taking weeds...
It's just a lot of weed talk basically.
Great to meet you, you're awesome.
Keep it up, kids.
We'll see you soon,  all right?
We've got to run.
Is this guy growing weed in here?
Kids: Yeah.
Big time.
Look, I can't be around this kind of thing  and neither should you.
It's not like we were smoking it.
We were just growing it.
And harvesting it.
Nathan: If you guys do drugs,  you can't do tricks like this.
Kids: Whoa-a-a-a...
Rick, there is probably  a reasonable explanation.
So just try to stay calm.
Okay, son?
All right, Dad.
I'll fucking try to.
Ricky: How's it going?
Julian: Hey, guys.
Ricky: How are my two best friends  on such a beautiful fucking day?
Doing good.
Where did you get the shirt?
After all we've fucking been through,  how in the fuck could you... do this to me?
Open up that container right now  and give me back my fucking weed!
You get rid of him and I'll fucking explain  everything to you, man.
My dad's not going anywhere.
Open the fucking container now!
Ricky, just calm down.
Not happening.
Oh, not happening?
Not happening?
Oh, it's fucking happening, all right!
Open the container now.
You've got four seconds!
Oh come on, guys!
Do you really want to do this?
...two, one...
Is this how you want to do this?
I'm not going to stand here getting fucking raped in the mouth,  so fucking open the container now!
Nobody's raping your mouth!
Boys, put your guns down!
Everybody, put your frigging guns down now!
I'm making a citizen's arrest!
What the fuck is wrong with your brain, Randy, huh?
You're making a citizen's arrest  for me shoving a pole right up your fucking ass?
No, for all the marijuana Julian's got  in that container right there.
I have no idea what the fuck  you guys are talking about.
Oh, yeah?
Look at this.
I missed garbage collection.
It's a bunch of fucking garbage.
You fucking prick...
I fucking loved you guys like fucking brothers  and this is what you do to me?
You fuck me this hard?
Ricky, nobody's fucking you hard  or soft or any other way.
You know what?
You guys gonna fuck me?
Maybe I'll fuck you.
Dad, Randy?
How would you guys like to make 50 grand?
I'd do anything for you, Rick.
50 grand!
What are you talking about?
Look, I would do anything for you, man,  but if you're going to choose Randy and Lahey  over me and him,  you've got to fucking come through me, buddy.
So be it.
You try to cut me out,  then I'll fucking cut you out.
Is that right?
I'll fucking shoot you, Julian.
I'll fucking shoot you!
Open that fucking container now!
Open that fucking container!
There's something we've got to tell you, Ricky!
What have you got to tell me, Bubs?
We should have told you long ago.
You better fucking tell me...
Tell me right now or I'm shooting him anyway!
Ricky, Listen!
Lahey's not your father!
What the fuck are you talking about?
Bullshit, Bubbles!
Don't start with that...
He's not!
That's a bunch of fucking bullshit, Bubbles!
Ricky's my son!
No, he's not, Mr. Lahey.
I'm sorry.
He's not.
We went and had the blood checked and it's not possible.
What do you mean, you had the blood checked?
Look, Ricky.
We found out your mother's blood type.
We went to the hospital  and you're Type B and she's Type A, and what type are you?
Well, what the fuck does that mean?
Look, summary with Type O blood:  can't have a child with Type B.
It's impossible.
I'm sorry, guys.
This can't be.
Bubbles: Ricky, come here.
No, fuck off!
Oh, my God!
Are you okay, Mr. Lahey?
I've got hand it to you, Lahey.
Great fucking performance, buddy.
You didn't have me fucking fooled, though!
Get the fuck off my property.
That wasn't a frigging performance, Julian, you big meanie.
Oh, go fuck yourself, Randy.
My fuck...
This is fucked.
Poor Ricky.
Well, at least he knows now, okay?
He'll be all right.
He'll get over it.
Oh, he'll get over it?
Is he going to get over when we tell him Ray's not his dad?
We are not telling him that.
We have to!
No, we're not telling him!
All right.
Let's get some food, go get some more booze  and figure out how the fuck we're going to finish this.
Come on.
Can you stop filming me?
Julian: Ricky!
Bubbles: Rick!
He must be in his room.
He wouldn't be in his fucking room.
Come out.
Hey, Rick.
Look, man, we've got to talk about this weed, buddy. chill out.
How're you doing, Ricky?
Who's got your belly?
I'm okay, I guess.
It's just...
I was kind of liking having a dad in my lives again.
I was actually kind of starting to like the guy.
But the person I feel the worst for is Mo.
I mean...
Mo fucking loves him.
He does, Ricky, but you know what?
You've just got to remember he's only three,  so that's... the important thing.
What the fuck does that have to do with anything?
Well, it just means he's not going to remember any of it, Ricky.
Yes, he is.
One of my fucking first memories is when I was three.
Rick, what do you remember about being three?
The time my dad took me down to the nice lake  and we had a good barbecue and went fishing  and he gave me my first cigarette  and taught me how to inhale.
I was three.
No, you were six.
You were almost seven, Ricky.
Don't you remember?
It was my birthday that afternoon.
That's how I remember.
You ate that big chunk of hash out of Ray's tackle box.
And you came to the party running around saying, "I'm a chicken!
I'm a chicken!"  And pooped yourself  and threw up all over the cake and hot dogs.
Holy fuck!
You're fucking right!
I was fucking six or maybe seven!
Holy fuck, boys.
This is a good thing.
I mean, I don't think I do remember anything when I was three.
Of course you don't, man.
Nobody does, Ricky.
Well, you know what? fuck it, then.
If it's not going affect Mo, I'm glad he's not my fucking dad!
I knew Ray was my old man!
I fucking knew it.
We're too much alike.
Boys, this is actually a really, really fucking good thing.
No, actually it isn't.
'Cause now that Lahey know he's not your dad,  he's gonna be coming at us even harder now.
Well, that depends on... you know...
This is our Ireland wedding money, Mr. Lahey.
Are you sure about this?
I've never been more sure about anything in my life, Ran.
Get as much as you can fit in the cart, bud.
Fish: fuck! fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
After all these years of working with me, haven't you fucking learned anything?
Now it could all be mouldy  and we could be fucked, you fucking dumbass.
I'm a dumbass?
I'm not the weed guy here, okay?
We're in this fucked-up situation  because of you, not me!
I can't believe  you actually thought Lahey was your father.
Like, what the fuck is wrong with you, man?
You're fucking stupid.
Like really, for real, truly fucking stupid.
Look, man...
I'm sorry.
You're not stupid.
Lahey was pretty convincing.
He almost had me fooled too.
I know you've been through a lot, but we all have.
But just so that you know, man, you're my best friend.
I'd do anything for you, okay?
So can we please be cool?
Just don't call me the s-word, man.
It's not cool anymore and it's fucking mean.
All right, man, I promise.
I won't.
Bubbles: (On radio)
Breaker, breaker.
What the fuck?
Got to stop, bud.
Bubs, what the fuck are you doing?
Where the fuck are those two stupid idiots going?
Jacob's got the shits  and Cory said, and I quote,  "Right on, dude, I'll come with you."  Should we just wait for them or...
No, fuck 'em.
Tell them to meet us up there.
It's just up this road here to the right. fucking idiots.
Well, head up the road to the right,  right down to the lake, when you're done sh1tting.
Boys, just so you're aware,  Jacob's been sh1tting green liquid lately.
Green fucking liquid.
He's an alien, I'm telling you.
Keep your head on a swivel around him.
What if he is a fucking alien?
Like, is it possible he could turn  my whole family into fucking aliens or...?
How many times do I got to go through this with you?
Just because you look like an alien  doesn't mean you're a fucking alien.
He's not one.
What the fuck...
What are all these fucking signs up here?
Free weed?
Free weed?
Right on.
Let's go fucking get some.
No, Ricky, this is where I fucking live.
Oh, yeah.
Boys, what the fuck are these signs?
Oh, fuck...
Oh, fuck!
Holy fuck, boys, is that our weed?
Did you see that?
Yeah, we saw it.
What the fuck are we going to do?
Like, that's got to be our weed.
It better fucking not be.
For fuck's sakes.
Is that Lahey's fucking camper?
Lahey: (Cackling)
What the fuck do these idiot want?
Get out of my fucking way.
Get going!
Ladies and gentlemen,  please welcome to the stage,  the man you've all been waiting for, Julian!
The owner of the free weed!
Various: Free weed!
Free weed, free weed, free weed...
All right...
Everybody shut the fuck up!
Jesus Christ.
Hey, that old guy over there  said that this thing was full.
Come on, man.
Well, that old guy's drunk  and he's out of his goddamn fucking mind.
Hey, bro, that's false advertising, man.
False advertising.
What are you going to do, call the cops on me?
Look, everybody, there's no weed here, okay?
There's no free fucking weed.
You gotta leave.
Julian, this is fucked.
What are we going to do?
I want you to go up the road, okay, take down those fucking signs.
Can you do that for me?
Oh, I'll get the cocksuckers down.
Excuse me, who do we talk to about the free weed?
There's no weed. fuck off.
Woman: Wo-ow.
What the fuck's going on here, Lahey?
Randy, would you get that out of my face.
We were just enjoying a couple of drinkie-poos  down by the old sea-side.
Don't you think you should tell these people  to get off your property, Julian?
This isn't my property, okay?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, it isn't?
Oh, that's fantastic.
Because Randy and I are planning to spend a couple of days down here,  just relaxing and maybe working out our wedding plans.
But are there usually that many people  hanging out around here, Julian?
I don't know.
I don't have a clue.
I'm never out here.
Don't worry, Mr. Lahey.
If any of these dirty, filthy, shit-hippies get out of control,  I've got the police on speed-dial.
I've got you on fuck-off dial. there's nothing sexier  than having a powerful man in your grip  and watching him squirm. fuck you.
Hi, Rick.
Don't give up, guys.
Free weed's a-comin'!
The whole fucking container's full of that shit.
Excuse me, sir.
Keep you hands where we can see them.
Yes, sir.
Drop the weapon, please.
Oh, that's not a weapon.
Please just drop it.
...tool from my truck there.
So what's going on here?
Oh, you're probably wondering  about that crazy sign there, eh?
Yeah, we had a couple of people who phoned in about it.
Yeah, no, that's...
What's your name?
My name is....
My name's Bubbles.
You guys... you guys know Jim?
Or Jim knows you?
Jim who?
Oh, there's a lot of Jims.
Maybe you know one of the Jims.
What's your involvement with this?
Oh, this here?
It's just a big misunderstanding.
Yes, it's uh...
Why are you so nervous then?
Well, just you know, because of what that says  and it's not supposed to say that.
See, what happened my friend, he has a... he has a big pile of wood actually  and he's been trying to give it away  and he asked some kids to make some signs  and obviously, you know, they're just fucking with him  or they don't know how to spell.
All right, so there's children involved,  is what you're saying? no,  I don't mean there's children involved  with that type of thing, I just mean the... the local kids who come and skip rocks into the thing,  they made these and... their parents are going to fucking hear about this,  believe me, this is uncalled for.
All right, well, listen.
Do you mind if we go down to take a look?
Uhhh, no, of course not.
I've got nothing to hide. let's just go down.
Sounds good.
Okay, you guys...
Follow me.
Ohh, boy.
Come on, Julian, answer your phone.
Julian: (on phone)
What's up?
Did you get the signs taken care of?
Uhh, not exactly.
The police came and they're now following me  and we're on our way there.
It's okay, though.
I told them the sign was supposed to say wood instead of weed.
So just get everybody holding some wood.
I repeat, make sure everyone's got wood.
Jesus Christ.
Drive slow, man.
That's nice.
It's kind of like pineapple diesel  with a little bit of bubble gum.
Hey, man, what the fuck?
Everybody's got to get some wood.
The cops are on their way.
You want us to get hard-ons for the cops?
No, no, pick up some wood, some firewood.
Everybody pick up some firewood!
Woman: I'm not doing that.
Put out the joints.
Hold on a second, man.
The cops are on their fucking way.
Get some wood, everybody get some wood.
Bubbles, what the fuck did you do, man?
Lahey: Oh, the cavalry are here, Randers.
What the fuck happened?
Ricky, just...
See, officers, just... just like I said.
Look at all the free wood.
If you guys want some, pop your trunk there and I'll load you right up.
Ricky: Yeah, help yourselves.
I think we're fine.
Good afternoon, officers.
Are you two the owners of this here wood?
We're just here on vacation.
We're just watching the show.
It's my wood, officers.
I just swapped out my fucking wood stove.
You know, I got a heat pump, I'm saving a ton of money every month.
Air conditioning...
So you live here?
Well, kind of.
So you own this container then, right? it was kind of given to me but not really.
Bravo, ossifer.
It's not his container, no, it was his dad's.
We had to put him in a home.
He got dimensions and started sh1tting all over the place.
Thought he was still storming the jungles at Normanly.
Sir, do you mind opening up the container for us?
Love to but we lost the keys, what... two months ago, three months ago?
A while ago anyway.
I'll go get the cutters.
Guys, it's not going to work.
It's military grade.
We tried.
Cutters aren't going to do it.
Go ahead.
Waste more fucking taxpayers' money, I guess.
No big fucking deal.
Police officer: I've got a shipping container here.
Alpha-Victor-Bravo one-zero-niner.
Could I get a ownership title for that?
Woman: (on radio)
Hi, guys.
I just wanted to formally introduce myself.
My name's Randy.
If you guys need any assistance,  I'm actually in training to be a fellow member.
You can't be training very hard.
Oh, my God.
Not the Randy?
The guys down at the station were telling me  about the legend of the gut,  but I never imagined it would be so massive.
We're going to need a selfie with that.
Ricky: Is this seriously fucking happening right now?
I can't believe you never heard of the fuck-up  that's been trying to get on the force  with the disgusting fat gut.
Yeah, that's, uh, that's pretty bad.
That's not very nice, guys.
I'm not overweight, I'm husky.
You look like you ate a husky.
A pack of huskies.
Woman: (On radio)
One Adam 12.
The container was sold in auction  to a Reggie Rose.
No other information on file.
Copy that.
I'm sorry.
What the fuck is it you guys are doing here again?
I forget that part.
Sir, would you watch your language please?
Watch langu...
What are we, at fucking church?
All right, listen.
There was a sign at the end of the road.
It said "Free Weed".
Oh, okay.
And that's what you think is happening here, is it?
You know what, guys?
You got us.
This container right here... it's full of fucking beautiful, delicious weed  and we're just giving it away to everybody.
Come on over.
Get as much fucking free weed as you want.
Tell me you guys aren't that fucking stupid.
I've never met two stupider cops in my entire life.
Both of you with your good looks,  your chiselled features and toned bodies.
It's not hard to tell that that's the only reason you made it on the force.
I'd make a way better cop than both of you two shit-weasels. fuck, it's bullcock!
All right?
And it's not nice to call anyone fat.
I don't care who you are.
That's enough.
All right?
Everybody take your wood and leave.
And sir, this is public property.
You might want to move your dad's container.
Yeah, we'll definitely get it out of here for you guys.
Thanks a lot, fellas.
If you don't,  we'll have to come back and move it for you.
All right.
Enjoy your day.
You guys did a great job.
Bubbles: Free wood.
That's a beautiful speech, Randy.
Only one fucking problem:  you... you got rid of them.
I wasn't letting those two hunks-of-shit hotshots  take the credit for our investigation, Mr.
Frig those shit-weasels.
Oh, Randy...
The game's over.
You guys gotta fucking go.
Why would we leave now, Julian?
We just w... won round number one.
I just can't wait for round number two.
You know what?
This isn't even fucking worth it anymore.
There's not going to be a round two.
You win.
I win what?
You win, Jim.
I know when I've been outsmarted  and know when to walk away, I'm fucking walking away.
You're walking away?
Congratulations, buddy.
It's fucking bullshit.
Boys, let's go.
What the fuck are you talking about, man?
We've got to get that shit out of the garbage bags,  it's gonna go mouldy.
I've got a plan, get in the fucking car.
Julian, what are you doing?
Trust me.
Get in your truck, follow me.
Ricky: See you later, fuckfaces!
Lahey: Piece of shit.
Did you get the fucking things, Randy?
Holy fuck, Randy.
This is...
Hey, Randy, you forgot to take this with you.
I hope you know what the fuck you're doing, man.
Don't worry about it.
Bubbles: (Whispering)
Julian, what the fuck are we doing?
Let's just go back to the park.
Hang on.
What the fuck's the plan here, man?
This is fucking dumb.
Just fucking wait, okay?
Trust me.
Let's just go knock them out and crazy-glue them.
Julian: No, just stay right there. fuck this.
I'm going to crazy-glue their backs together.
Don't you...
Ricky, get down!
I know what I'm fucking doing.
Bubbles: Let's go to the park before the cops come back.
Cory: 'Sup, dudes?
Crank on my tits.
Get the fuck down.
What's up, dude?
Jacob had stage fright and then we got lost  and you guys were gone but guess what?
We followed the seagulls.
And the sun.
What'd we miss?
Julian: All right, that's it.
Go inside.
Close that fucking door.
All right, boys.
Follow me.
Bubbles: Ricky...
What the fuck are you doing?
I use this shit to wrap around my lobster containers.
You wrap it around a bunch of times and it's as strong as fuck.
What are we going to do with it?
Wrap them like a fucking cocoon?
Yeah, something like that.
Here, grab that.
You going to try and suffocate them?
I'm not going to suffocate them.
Cory, get this fucking thing going.
All right, on my cue, I want you guys to come over  to the trailer, wrap this shit around that trailer  as many times as you possibly can.
Got it?
Cory: Yeah, dude.
You got it?
Yeah, yeah.
Good job, boys, good job.
There you go.
Ricky, Ricky...
Bubbles: Ricky! around the windows.
Ricky, what the fuck?
Around the windows.
Cory: Here, dude.
Bubbles, help hold this one.
Ricky: Here, hold this, Julian.
These pricks...
Bubbles: Jesus.
Julian: Stop fucking around Ricky.
Ricky: What the fuck is wrong with this shit, man,  it's not working right, for fuck's sake!
Bubbles: Boys, hurry the fuck up.
What the frig is going on...
Bubbles: There's Randy.
Julian: Would you get that thing untangled?
Bubbles: Okay, Ricky, we've got to go.
Julian: Come on, come on.
Randy: (Indistinct yelling)
Ricky: fuck you Randy. fuck you!
Julian: Cory, what the fuck are you doing?
Jesus, look out!
Get out of the way, you fucking idiots!
Julian: Jacob...
Ricky: fuck.
Randy: What are we going to fucking do?
Julian: fuck, boys. fuck you guys are slow.
Hurry up!
Bubbles: Ricky...
Here he comes.
Duck, duck.
Jesus Christ, Ricky.
It's 11:13am on the 20th.
Future officer Randy here.
Myself and ex-police officer Jim Lahey  are being held against our will.
Suspects are presumed to be a one Julian, Ricky and Bubbles,  all residents of Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Look, Randers.
Liquor stash from the old days.
Right on, boys.
Open the fucking container, buddy.
Let's go. fucking pricks!
Boys, let's go grab some food, take a little break maybe?
I'm fucking starving.
Cory: Yeah, dude...
Julian: We're not going to take a fucking break.
Why not?
Somebody broke a piece of wood off in the fucking keyhole.
Are you fucking kidding me?
I wonder who did that, for fuck's sakes.
Hey, Julian, why don't you take out your tiny cock and try to pry it out?
Why don't you eat my ass, Ricky?
Piss on it.
Piss melts wood, doesn't it?
Would you shut the fuck up?
Randy: I've tried the door  and all the windows  but they're all shrink-wrapped closed.
There doesn't appear to be an exit point.
I haven't been trained for this type of situation.
What's the proper procedure, Mr .Lahey?
In this situation, Randy, one procedure fits all.
Have a drink, pal.
We've got to get out of here, sir.
Sshh, what's that?
What are you doing?
It knows what to do.
The liquor.
It can think for itself, Randy.
It's just using our minds as vesicles. a friend...
I can communicate with the liquor, bud.
It finally let me in.
You're scaring me, sir.
Oh, that's brilliant.
It wants you to drink too,  so it can communicate with you.
It's got something it wants to tell you, bud.
Please don't do this, Mr. Lahey.
Randy, you've got the opportunity to talk to the liquor.
Take the fucking bottle.
We've been given a wonderful gift, Randy.
Wonderful gift.
Because the liquor has chosen us, Randy.
Me and you, bud. fuck, it's like trying to break into Alky-traz, for fuck's sakes.
Julian: That's good, Bubs.
That's not going to do shit-all, man.
Okay, boys.
Step aside.
Time to let the big dog work his magic.
Yeah, right on, Bubs.
Winch-wench it.
Yeah, Ricky.
Clip that on there.
Give it to her, buddy.
Bubbles: I don't want to fuck up your door, though, Julian.
Just rip it right the fuck off, man.
I'll buy a new one.
Okay, well, stand back, boys.
This thing's going to come off like she's packed with C-4.
Here we go.
Jacob: I don't think it's working.
Cory: Yeah, that shit's tight.
All right.
You know what? fuck this.
No, Ricky.
No, no, wait, wait!
I'm not fucking beat yet.
Here, I'll get the cocksucker off.
Are you sure this little piece of shit has enough power?
This little piece of shit?
You think this little piece...
You want to see some fucking power, bud?
You want to see some power?
Stand fucking back!
I'll show you fucking power, baby.
Stand back, everyone.
Give her hell, Bubs.
I'll show you some fucking power.
Right now.
Here we go.
Oh, Bubs, you've fucked her.
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
That shouldn't have happened!
I had her fucking on there.
All right, look the fuck out.
Ricky it's..
I'll get the fucking thing off, right now.
...it's bullet-proof, man. fuck it is.
Nothing's bulletproof.
Everybody get out of the way.
Bubbles: Ricky!
For fuck's sakes, Randy.
They're trying to kill us, bud!
Randy: What are you doing?
Oh, yeah.
I forgot.
Randy: What are you doing, Mr. Lahey?
I'm not doing anything, Randy.
The liquor is.
Randy: You're not making sense.
If they're going to shoot at the liquor,  the liquor's going to return fire, Randy.
Randy: The liquor can't fire, Mr. Lahey.
I had this fucking thing in  with 12-gauge fucking screw holes.
It shouldn't have come out.
You fucking blocky-block metal fuckface!
You're fucking everything up!
Hey, dudes, I'm not 100% sure about this  but I think I've got an idea.
A what?
An idea.
Check it.
Oh, brilliance, Cory.
You're going to open a military-grain lock  with a fucking toothpicker, are you?
No, no, dude.
I'm making a wood-magnet  so I can pull the other wood out.
A wood-magnet?
Hold on.
Check it, check it.
What the fuck are you talking about, a wood-magnet?
Right on, dude!
Right on, Cory.
Right on.
I'm using the liquor force, bud.
You know what?
That might be  the fucking smartest dumb thing you've ever done.
Yeah, dude...
Bubbles: Holy fuck!
Cory: Oh, God!
My hand is shot!
Ricky: You all right, Cory?
Future officer Randy here.
Julian is officially trying to kill us.
So if anyone finds this camera,  please tell the police to arrest Julian, Ricky and Bubbles  of Sunnyvale for murder.
Cory: goddamn, dude, my hand!
It's gone!
Oh, God!
Tell my mom I love her. shit, dude!
Bubbles: Cory, show me your fucking hand.
It's barely even nicked!
It's hardly fucking even bleeding!
Cory, Jacob, I want you guys to zig-zag up to fucking Lahey's trailer,  spin it around.
Spin it around?
Yes, spin it around.
It'll confuse him.
He won't know where to shoot.
It's like pin the tail on on the donkey.
They already got the blindfold on.
Okay, okay!
Ricky: Let's go, boys!
Cover him!
Ricky: Go, go, go, go!
Come on!
Bubbles: Julian...
Will you get the fuck out of the way?
...get the fuck out of the way!
Here, Ricky, keep..
Look out, Ricky!
Cory: Ah shit, it got away from us, dude.
Bubbles: Holy fuck!
Randy & Lahey: (Indistinct screaming)
Jesus Murphy!
Holy fuck, we've got to call 9-1-1!
We're not calling anybody  until that goddamn weed's out of here.
Let's go!
Come on! fuck them!
They tried to fucking shoot us.
Holy fuck!
Get my ratchet straps!
We're on a booze cruise, Randers.
I always wanted to go on a booze cruise, bud.
Julian: Bubs.
We're all packed up.
Let's go.
Julian, we can't just fucking leave them here.
That's the fucking high-tide line right there.
When the water comes in, they're going to be fucked.
Julian: You've got them tied up.
They'll be fine.
Well, it's not exactly safe, for fuck's sakes.
We're leaving.
We've got to go, man.
Come on.
Well, I'll be coming back for them.
Bubbles: (Panicked whimper)
What a fucking tangled heap of electrical cocksuckers.
Boys, you can't fucking do this.
Do you know how many levels this is wrong on, Ricky?
Bubs, it's level enough.
All the crystal's coming through.
It's working fucking perfect.
Ricky, I'm not talking about the angle  of your fucking home-made THC sifter.
Well, there's no turning back now.
We've got to go for broke here, okay?
Just keep reminding yourself  why the fuck we're doing this.
Well, I would just like to state for the record,  this is hands-down the most fucked-up thing you guys have ever done.
No, it's not.
How's it going, kids?
You guys are doing perfect.
Oh, yeah.
Look at all that crystal.
Good job, guys.
Oh, Lord Jesus and Baby Marion.
All right, switch it up down there.
Let's work on our slapshots for a bit, guys.
How do I answer this again?
Press that button.
This one?
No, that one right there.
Hey, Snoop, how's it going, brother?
Hey, man, how are ya?
Not good, muthafuckas.
Deal's off.
You've got to be fucking kidding me.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Look, man. shit just fell through.
Wasn't nothing I could do.
Do you know what the fuck we just went through  to meet your fucking choda?
I gave up everything for this fucking deal, man.
No, I'm just fucking with y'all, cuz.
You bastard.
I'm just calling  to make sure everything is still on track.
We had a couple of setbacks but yeah, man, we're all good now.
What kind of setbacks?
Lahey fucking with you?
Well, he was but he's probably dead.
I think we just fucking killed him.
For real?
Y'all killed that mothafucka?
No, no, Snoop, no, no.
Ricky's just fucking with you the way that, you know,  you were fucking with him.
Lahey's just, uh... they're going camping, him and Randy.
Yeah, everything's set on our end, man.
Everything's bottled and ready to go.
Dig this:  tomorrow my homeboy, Sammy Ogea,  he gonna get with y'all.
Then we can make motherfuckin' history. fucking awesome.
Right on.
Cheers, man.
Boys, we've got to start bottling this shit immediately.
It looks like we're pulling an all-nighter.
No, we need to go down and let Lahey and Randy  out of that fucking death-trap.
Bubs, they'll be fine.
They're tied up nice and good, okay?
We'll let them out as soon as this deal's done.
Let's get back to work.
Ricky: Jacob, get some more fucking weed on the trampoline.
Look who's squirming now, Lahey.
Julian's attempt to drown us like a couple of rats  has so far been unsuccessful.
The camper appears to be watertight.
We still can't get a cellphone reception  but I'm going to continue to try and contact the police.
Randy, the ol' shitliner seems pretty fucking seaworthy, eh, bud?
Holy fuck!
Randy: Oh, my God.
Forget what I said.
We're officially sinking.
We've got to get out of here, Mr. Lahey!
We're going to die.
A liquor captain never abandons a sinking shit-ship, Randy.
Randy: But Mr. Lahey, you're not a frigging liquor captain,  you're a trailer park supervisor and this is a camper.
It's not even a ship, for frig's sakes.
We gotta get out of here!
Fish: fuck! fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Don't you think we should at least check  on Lahey and Randy?
I mean, bring them some food, maybe some water? fuck that, man.
They'll be fine.
We'll let them sweat it out a bit,  the fucking assholes.
Snoop's guy's here.
Right on.
Hopefully he's not a dick.
Bubbles: Hopefully he's not deaf, Jesus Murphy!
Keep it down on the volume, guys.
Waddup, man?
That's one hell of an Uber, cuz!
Sammy OG, Snoop's guy.
Ricky, my man.
How are ya?
Nice mothafuckin' piece, cuz.
Yeah, man.
Is that the shit right here, cuz?
Yeah, man.
Will those fucking boxes work or what?
They work, mothafucker!
They perfect!
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Listen, the boat'll be here  tomorrow mothafuckin' morning.
Get this mothafuckin' deal done!
But right now,  my trailer park nizzles,  we about to have a mothafuckin' tizzle.
A toast, mothafucker.
I love this shit.
Bubbles: About that nizzle tizzle toast...
Tizzle toast.
One for you.
One for you.
Oh, here, just wait.
I don't need one.
I can't drink that.
That'll knock me right on my arse.
Ain't that the whole fuckin' point?
Yeah, come on, Bubs.
It's a pretty fucking special occasion here, bud.
Ricky, I don't succumb to peer pressure.
I don't need this.
Ricky: What kind of fucking peer pressure?
Just do it, you fucking pussy!
Yeah, come on.
I'm doing one, man.
Don't be a pussy.
Do it, Bubs!
Do it!
This is what peer pressure is,  right here!
What is?
We're not...
Just fucking do it!
Just fucking do it, Bubs.
Come on!
Oh, my God!
All right!
L'Chaim, motherfucker! fuck's sakes...
Well I guess there's one more thing to do.
What's that?
Get more fucked up!
More fucked up that what this is going to fuck us up?
Hell yeah!
Snoop said y'all are just as crazy as he is.
Well, surprise...
So am I!
Right the fuck on, man!
We should get over to the T Box.
Tyrone and the Rocpile got the bus over there,  that'll hotbox the balls right off you!
It's fucking killer!
Oh, shit!
Let's do that shit right now, cuz. fucking right!
Oh, my God, those guys...
Cory: Dudes?
You need to come in and see this right now.
See what? fuck, is Jacob turning red again?
Who's the mothafucker in the tank top?
He's Cory.
He's not that smart.
Ricky: What did you fucking diddle dummies fuck up this time?
Newscaster: (On TV)
The trailer appears to belong  to ex-cop turned notorious alcoholic...
Oh my sweet fuck.
Jim Lahey...
Bubbles: Ricky!
...supervisor of the Sunnyvale Trailer Park,  who went missing yesterday  with his co-worker and fianc.
Eyewitnesses report seeing two bodies in the water  that eventually sank.
Police say they have strong leads on possible suspects...
...and the investigation continues.
For Channel 10 Breaking News...
Oh my God.
...I'm Steve "No Nonsense" Rogers.
My fuck, boys,  we killed Lahey and Randy!
So how do you like LA, dude?
I bet I'd like LA.
Bubbles: Jesus, Ricky!
Cory, what are you doing?
Get your hand down.
Get back to work, man.
We've got to get this done.
Hey, what's with all the cameras, cuz?
They're just documenting our lives, man.
It's all good.
Don't worry about it.
Oh, fuck, Ricky!
Oh, okay.
I'm out, dudes, see you later!
Bubbles: Oh my God, this is it, boys!
Hey, where you guys off to in such a rush?
Ricky: We're not off to any place, man.
What's up, guys?
Oh, I think you know what's up.
I'm going to need you to come downtown  to answer a few questions about the disappearance  and possible murder of Jim and Randy.
You know anything about that?
No idea what you're talking about.
You got any evidence?
Yeah, actually, we do.
That's why I need all of you to come downtown.
You too.
So we can do this the easy way  or we can do it the hard way.
Your choice.
Yo, what are you talking about,  evidence, Officer?
Against me?
I got to town, like, an hour ago.
Okay, you need to calm down!
Calm down?
The fuck, LAPD McLoving-looking mothafucka!
I'm calm.
I'm as calm as fuck.
Okay, down on the ground,  down on the ground!
On the ground.
On the...
I know the drill, all right?
Jesus Murphy!
He was being calm!
He wasn't doing anything!
What the hell is wrong with you mothafuckas?
Officer: Mother-what?
You called us mother-what?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Okay, everybody, hands behind your backs.
Oh, this is bullshit!
Okay, just...
Cuff 'em!
Cuff him!
Okay, everybody.
Just calm down.
Ricky: fuck!
Oh, this is a beautiful day, Julian.
Julian: Guys, they got nothing on us,  don't fucking worry about this.
Bubbles: (Whimpering)
You can stop twisting my wrist...
Ricky: This is absolutely fucking ridiculous!
You guys are...
I told you the liquor would tell us what to do!
We did it, bud!
Okay, what do we do next?
The liquor's brilliant, sir.
It sure is, Randilly-bar.
That's what I've been fucking trying to tell you!
On to Plan B, bud.
Won't that be Phase Two, though, Mr. Lahey?
I mean, busting them for the weed is the next step  but it's all still part  of the same plan, isn't it?
Yeah, absolutely right, Randy.
It's Phase Two.
What if someone sees us, though, Mr. Lahey?
If anyone knows we're alive,  it all falls apart!
You're right, you're right.
We need to liquor-think this through, Ran.
What was that?
It wants to talk to you, Ran.
Now it's on to Plan B.
God, Ricky, what was in that fucking stuff?
Every time I think  I'm getting my faculties back,  I get hit with another wave of this shit!
I know, it's really floaty.
Isn't it fucking awesome?
It's not awesome!
It's freaking me the fuck out!
Come on, Bubbles, get it together.
Get it together...
I smell a huge fucking lawsuit  for this pile of hamster fucking shit!
You got fuck all on us!
Yeah and they got fuck all on me.
This is fucking ridiculous!
Hillbilly backward bitches.
Oh fuck, look who it is!
It's Harvey Hightell from the fucking Bad Sheriff movie!
You can't fucking keep us here with no evidence,  George, you fucking prick!
Yeah, mothafucka.
I want the fuck out of here, cuz,  or we gonna have a serious problem, you dig?
Or I'm going to let Snoop's lawyer  on your mothafuckin' ass.
You dig?
None of you guys  are going anywhere.
You really fucked up this time.
You want evidence?
We found this inside a liquor bottle  floating in Lahey's trailer.
According to what's written here,  Jim and Randy found out about a drug deal  you were doing.
So you all shrink-wrapped them in their trailer  and pushed them into the water  to die a slow, terrifying death by drowning.
And what the fuck does that got to do with me, cuz?
Please tell me!
Oh, letter says that Snoop was sending  Sammy Og to do the deal.
I'm guessing that would be you.
That's Sammy OG, Original Gangsta.
Get it right!
George: Ah, whatever.
I knew you guys were stupid.
But murder?
Oh, Julian...
Are you going to grant us permission  to search your trailer or do I have to go through all the bullshit  of getting a warrant?
What the fuck do you think, George?
Dumb question.
Dumb question?
This is a dumb situation!
What the fuck!
And why the fuck  would you tell him about me, man?
Man, we didn't say shit!
We're not that fucked.
Then who did?
Just a second, Ricky.
Why are your fucking eyes darting back and forth  a million miles an hour?
They're not!
Well, I was trying to see, like,  everything around me all at once.
Oh, like a fucking chameleon?
Look at them.
Look at them, Julian.
What the fuck, Ricky?
No, you didn't, man.
That fucking day I went golfing with him,  I thought he was my dad.
I may or may have told him  Snoop was sending Sammy to do the deal  and we were going to make a lot of money.
What the...
I should kill you right now!
Why the fuck would you tell him that?
Are you fucking dumb?
Are you a fucking dope?
I'm not dumb.
I didn't tell him you were going  to fucking help us to kill someone.
We might never get out of here.
Congratulations, Raggedy Ran.
You finally made it on to the force, bud.
You look wonderful  in that fucking costume!
I don't know, Mr. Lahey.
I thought the point of all this  was not to get recognized.
Oh, well, it is.
But when you think about it,  we are basically cops.
Right, Randers?
Well, yeah, pretty much.
Yeah, and... sometimes the best place to hide  is right out in the open.
You know what they say, Randers.
Sometimes what you see  is not always what you get.
Frig, Mr. Lahey.
I don't know.
Randy,  the liquor is telling us what to do.
We got to fucking listen to it!
Time to take it up a notch, Ayn Randers.
Why the fuck does this always happen?
All I wanted to do was run  a simple fucking pizza sauce company.
You got me involved  in a fucking massive drug deal at sea  and now I'm in jail on suspicion of murder.
Oh my God!
Sammy OG: Calm down.
Hell, cuz.
I've charged with way bigger stuff many times  and I ain't even tripping, cuz.
Ooh, you stink!
Look, things are going to work themselves out.
Steinberg: Hello, boys.
Thank fuck.
Now I've got some good news and some bad news.
They've officially charged you but... they've agreed to let you out on bail.
Ba ba ba ba ba ba!
Not just yet.
It's not going to be cheap.
It's attempted murder and some other shit.
You better hope to God they don't find those bodies.
How much are we talking?
It's going to be 10 grand.
10 grand!
Oh, my fuck!
We're doomed!
Hey, don't worry.
I got this.
10 Gs...
Ba ba ba ba ba ba!
That's each.
40 fucking grand?
I'm gonna shit myself!
I'm gonna shit myself!
That's just to make bail.
Now look, I've...
I'm waiving every possible fee on my end,  you know.
But the law is the law.
I know 40 K is a lot.
We got it, okay?
We'll get it on the other end.
Don't worry, you'll get it back anyhow.
Snoop'll be cool.
You got it?
Got it, man.
Yeah, well, I figured there was, uh,  probably some kind of deal at play here.
And I'm assuming that there's something somewhere  you don't want anyone to find?
Various: Yeah.
In my trailer and the back of his truck.
You've got to get a hold of Cory and Jacob  and tell them to get all of the fucking garbage bags  and lobster boxes out of there immediately.
I can do that.
Now they're filing for a search warrant  but, you know, I might be able to delay it  for a couple hours, you know,  for a small fee...
Do it.
Just do it.
Ba ba ba ba ba ba!
Wow, check this out, boys.
Holy fuck!
What the f...?
Why does it look like that?
Jesus Murphy...
That's my life right there.
Down the drain!
Just relax, Randy.
No one's the wiser, bud.
It feels good, doesn't it?
It feels great, Mr. Lahey.
We're really doing it.
Yeah, we really...
We should have did it  years ago, Randy!
Look, as soon as we get the money,  I'm going to call Ted, tell him about the dope.
They'll have enough evidence  to lock up those shitiots  for fucking shiternity, Randy!
I wonder how much first class tickets are.
Some of the planes even have beds on them.
Yeah, that's the mile high club, Ran.
Mile high club!
The mile high club.
Mile high club.
The mile... goddamn shit soldiers, Randy!
They must be moving it to a new shit nest  for the queen of shit himself!
Yeah, okay, I'll be in touch with you guys  about the extra charges.
Ricky: Steinberg, think you can you give us  a lift back to the park?
Oh, Jesus.
I wish I could  but, with the extra weight, well,  I think I'd need some gas money.
Gas money? goddamn,  you one greasy mothafucka, ain't you?
Yeah, you know, that'll probably be  the end of my shocks too, realistically.
So, uh...
We're not paying for your fucking shocks!
Everybody get in.
I call shotgun. fuck it.
I call shotgun.
What are you talking about?
I just called it.
I'm not going in the mothafuckin' back!
Are you crazy, cuz?
Julian: I'm not getting in the back fucking seat, okay?
I paid for the fucking gas money.
Sammy: You know, fuck it, all right? fuck it, just fuck it.
I'll give you 50 bucks  to go in the back seat.
Have you got change?
I'll get in the back.
Hurry up, man.
Get in.
Bubbles: Ricky, don't pile...
You fucking live in this thing?
Bubbles: Ricky, I've already got fucking oil on me.
Come on in, guys.
Ricky: This is fucked!
We can't fit...
Skooch over, man.
Lots of room, plenty of room.
Julian: Skooch over!
Someone take this.
Jesus Murphy.
Julian: Oh, for fuck...
I can't,  I'm not in, boys.
Ricky: Ah, fuck me!
Come on, cuz.
Move the fuck over!
Ricky: Holy fuck, boys!
There's a fucking pair of pliers going in my ribs!
Okay, now watch the leather,  watch the leather.
Various: Watch my foot!
Oh, shit!
The leather, mothafucka?
This ain't mothafuckin' leather.
It's real leather.
Why the fuck you got rubbers, cuz?
Yeah, I might need that for the subway.
Okay, listen, everybody got their seatbelts on?
Ricky: Just fucking drive!
Dammit, you guys had the doors open so long  you drained the battery.
How the fuck have you got cockroaches in this bitch?
Julian: fuck this!
Everybody out!
Everybody out!
Yeah, abort!
Jesus Christ!
Jesus Murphy...
Steinberg, let's go with my money.
Oh, fine....
Lobster shells in there!
Have you got my mothafuckin' money?
Well, this is weird.
I don't even know how this is possible.
I think I lost it.
How crazy is that? goddamn, mothafucka!
You fucking ruthless, you know that?
Next time Snoop's in trouble,  I'm giving your ass a call.
Hell yeah.
Call me any time.
Yo, T.
We need you to pick us up.
There's no way that a snake could beat you  in a fist fight because it doesn't have fists.
So I don't understand why anyone loses to a snake.
But if if curls up in a ball, couldn't it, like,  really give you a good shot that way?
Yeah, sure, but it has to have an arm to be on  in order to swing it.
Dude, dude.
Cops behind us, man.
Oh, shit!
Well, we just...
Just let them go by.
Just go...
Oh, fuck, what do we do, man?
I don't know, dude. fuck, fuck, fuck!
Oh, fuck!
Oh man.
They're trying to pull us over, dude.
Oh shit.
Lahey: Get the fuck over there,  you fucking asshole!
Okay, okay, okay...
Cory: Don't say anything, dude.
I'll do the talking.
I'll do the talking.
Cory: All right.
Uh, uh... fuck's sakes.
Hey, d'you get it?
I sure do, Mr.
Because it's pot. fucking jack-pot!
Good one.
We're in liquor synchronicity.
You're not dead!
We thought you guys were the real cops.
Why are you guys dressed like that?
Where did you get the car?
Enough of the fucking small talk, boys!
Where's the fucking money,  you stupid little shit pissants?
What fucking money? touch me.
What fucking money?
The money that Snoop Dogg paid  for all this fucking dope!
What do you think I am?
Stupid, Cory?
Well, obviously you are stupid  because it's not even dope that anyone is buying  if they were buying anything at all.
Uh, they're not buying anything.
You want to fucking play tough,  Mr. fucking tough guys?
Get your fucking cocksuckers in my car!
Get the fuck in the car right now!
You're under arrest for burglary!
Get in!
Cory: Stop throwing the gun around, dude.
Hop in, Ranbers!
Cory: What are you doing?
Jacob: You guys are cra...
What are you doing?
You know, you can't leave that shit there.
Julian: Come on, boys.
Answer the fucking phone!
Cory: (On phone)
Yo, what's up, dude?
Holy fuck!
Where the fuck are you guys?
Cory: I'm just fucking with you.
You've reached Cory and Jacob's phone.
We can't come to the phone right now,  so leave us a message!
Nice message, assholes.
Where the fuck are you guys at?
I need to talk to you.
Call me.
It's urgent! fuck, they're dumb.
Maybe they're not.
They sure made you look stupid.
That was pretty brilliance, I must say.
Julian, just call my phone.
I'm pretty sure it's in my truck.
Maybe, if they hear that ringing,  they'll answer it.
Don't get tricked again, though, Julian.
Bubbles might have a trick message  just like Cory and Jacob.
Ricky, I'm sitting right here.
Even if I did, like,  how would that be a trick?
It might be, though.
Think about that one.
Bubbles: (On phone)
Hi, you've reached  Bubbles' Scrumpdilly Organico Sauce Company,  pizza division.
Please leave a message...
Maybe the cops got them too.
Did you ever think of that?
Like, they could be getting questioned as we speak.
Man, they might be dumb but they're not fucking dicks.
They'd never rat us out.
Don't worry about it.
Not on purpose maybe.
Lahey: Time to start talking, boys,  or I'll send goddamn 110 shit amps  through your shitty little bodies!
What's Snoop and his guys buying  if it isn't the weed?
I don't know, I don't know!
How did that feel, Cory?
Keep lying, I dare you!
I'll do anything, whatever you want.
Don't ask for that.
No, dude, don't tell him about the De-energy!
Ricky will fucking be pissed!
It's okay, dude.
They don't know what it is  and there's no way they can ever find out  about where the deal's happening on the ocean tomorrow  because we don't even know.
Five Hour De-energy!
Ricky makes it out of weed.
Of course, Mr. Lahey!
Is that what it is?
Is that what Snoop's boys are buying  on the ocean tomorrow?
You better tell me where Ricky keeps his stash,  you shit-glazed shit!
Does it hurt, Cory? fuck yeah! it hurts!
Stop shocking him.
You can shock me instead.
No, I changed my mind!
Don't shock me instead, please...
Cory, we can keep doing this all day  or you can just tell me  where Ricky keeps the goods.
Hey, stop it!
It's on Bubbles' truck!
Leave him alone, fuck!
It's on Bubbles' truck?
Well, that's a shocking development.
Have a nice day, boys.
Give me that...
I need a blunt! motherfuckers, your prisons  are like preschool.
Know what I mean?
Good luck, T!
Oh, my fucking gosh.
They seized our shit.
What the fucking...
You better fix this shit right fucking now!
I'm working on it.
They must not have found the weed  or you'd be back in fucking jail.
Bubbles: Yeah, but the fact that the truck's gone,  Cory and Jacob must have came through.
Try calling my phone again.
What do you think I'm fucking doing?
It went to voice mail.
But it was ringing?
Yes, it was ringing.
Okay, well that means the fucking thing's on, then.
That's a good sign.
Pull up the Find My Phone app.
Do you have that?
The what?
Find My Phone app, yeah,  I got that shit right here, cuz.
I lose this bitch all the time.
All right.
It's gonna cost you, all right?
Okay, just wait.
You just call someone up and they find your phone?
No, Ricky, look.
I punch in my number  and it should tell us where it is.
Okay, look.
Here it is.
They're out on Doodle-puller Road.
Why the fuck would they be way out there?
Oh, fuck!
I bet they pulled over  so Jacob could shit  and the fucking bears or cougars got them.
Bears and cougars...
They're fucking probably dead again!
Ricky, what are you talking about?
Cory: Dudes!
Ricky: Poor fuckers.
Julian: What the fuck happened to you guys?
Randy and Lahey are alive!
They held us captive!
They shocked us with a wire.
They're fucking crazy.
So what did you tell them?
They tortured us!
Look at my nips!
Not much, dude.
We just told them that the deal  was going down tomorrow  and you're actually only selling  De-energizer, not weed.
Oh, what?
So they've got the truck with all the shit on it?
Thank fuck.
Well, dude, they know where it is, though.
And I'm pretty sure they're on their way there now.
Oh my fuck, you guys are dumb!
You're one dumb piece of shit, you know that?
Julian: All right, let's go!
Come on!
Ricky: fuck's sakes!
...very nice.
Ricky: fucking unlock me!
What about us?
Okay, boys.
It's just up here  about a fucking mile.
Right on.
It looks like.
I can see it.
Just wait a second,  it looks like it's fucking moving.
It is moving!
It's coming right towards us.
Jesus Christ, Lahey beat us to it!
Oh, fuck!
No he didn't!
The fucking cops got it!
He must have fucking called them.
We're fucked, boys!
No, I'm fucked!
That's my truck!
Hey, hey!
Turn the car around right now, cuz!
What do you mean, turn it around?
What do you mean, what do I mean?
I ain't leaving here without my shit!
I ain't a mothafuckin' mathematician  but there's two of them  and one, two, three, four of us, motherfuckers!
What the fuck are you talking about?
Yeah, man.
What the fuck?
This is about to be a hommo case up in this bitch if you don't turn  this mothafuckin' car around!
Okay, Julian, turn the fucking car around!
Sammy, you best get that fucking gun  out of my neck, motherfucker!
Or what?
Bubbles: Julian, set your drink down and use your muscles!
Julian: Let me fucking do it, man!
Sammy: What the fuck?
You're giving me mothafuckin' whiplash!
Julian: Settle the fuck down.
Bubbles: Ricky, why don't you hold his drink  so the man can use both his...
Julian: Just get your hands off my fucking drink!
All right, cuz, ...faster.
There you go.
Passing up...
Sammy: All right, cut him off.
Bubbles: Julian, don't do this.
Sammy: Cut him off!
I'm cutting him off!
I'm cutting him off!
Fast and the Furious!
Come on!
Bubbles: For fuck's sakes, Julian!
Ricky: This is fucked!
Oh, my fuck.
Now what?
All right, listen,  it's like you've seen in the movies, cuz.
We goin' to get out of this car  and we goin' to unload on them mothafuckas.
You feel me?
We can't fucking unload on them!
They're cops, boys!
Please, come on, Julian,  this is getting too crazy!
Lahey: (On megaphone)
Exit the vehicle please,  with your hands in the air!
Was that fucking Lahey?
Who the fuck is Lahey, mothafucka?
He's a drunk, crazy, fucking deranged lunatic,  who used to be a cop.
It fucking sounded like him.
Lahey: Come on, Shitulian!
Against the car!
Come on, spread that beautiful frame.
This mothafucka know you?
Jesus Christ.
It's definitely him.
"Spread your beautiful frame"?
What the fuck?
I want you all to put your hands up.
Randy: You guys almost killed us!
The jig is up.
You're going to pay up, boys.
You better put that gun away, mothafucka!
Right now.
One, two, three.
There you go.
Do you want me to pop a cap  in your mothafuckin' ass, boy?
You want some lead in your head?
I don't fucking care!
Put a fucking cack in my head!
Go on, do it! fucking put me out of my misery, bud!
Oh, Mr. Lahey!
Do it!
I love you, Mr. Lahey.
Look, frig all this stuff!
Let's just...
We don't have  to fly to Ireland and get married.
Let's just walk away.
Lahey: I'm sorry, Randy.
You're right, bud.
I'm out of control.
Excuse me.
I got so fucked over losing Mo  and I spent half my fucking life trying to love  this dumb fucking shit-covered shit-log  and he's not even my fucking son!
Thank fuck!
I don't want to take it any more.
Go ahead. none of this matters any more, boys.
You know why?
Because we're fucked!
Take a look at that.
Various: Oh, fuck!
Lahey: Yeah, that's a little bit...
...of a sweet shit-tasting irony, isn't it?
I'm not going to mothafuckin' jail, cuz! fuck this!
Put the gun away!
Put the fucking gun away!
Put the fucking gun away!
We're not fucking getting  in a gunfight with the cops!
Okay, listen!
We've all be through a lot here, okay?
If I can somehow get us all out of this shit,  you have to promise to leave us the fuck alone.
Don't tell the cops about the deal.
We'll get it done and everything at the trailer park  will go back to fucking normal.
You have our word.
Right, boys?
Various: Yes, yeah.
How does that sound, Mr. Lahey?
I just want to be together.
I'd rather not be in jail.
All right...
Thank fuck, it's Ted Johnson,  the second dumbest cop on the force.
Well, look who's alive after all!
Nice outfits.
New car, Jim?
Nice beard.
Both of them.
So this is where you've been, eh?
Busy buying costumes  and stealing police cars.
That's a really nice suit you got there, bud. it must be really expensive.
I'm impressed.
Well, Ted, thank fuck you're here, man.
Crazy fucking morning, man!
We were on our way down to the wharf  and a guy flagged us down  who was driving this police car here  and he said he was an undercover cop.
Ted: Okay?
Well, of course we pulled over.
We like helping the police whenever we can.
Anyway, he said he ran out of gas  and he had two of Satan's bastards in the car.
It was really fishy.
Like, he was really super fucking nervous.
So I looked in the car and quickly realized  it was fucking Lahey and Randy in the back seat.
They were tied up.
I was, like, "Bud, you are full of shit.
You're not an undercover cop."  I fucking freaked out  and then I think he knew what was going on,  so he panicked and fucking ran  through the tall grass here  and jumped in the water.
The last I saw of him he was half-way across  the land there, swimming.
It was fucking crazy, man.
Like, you're going to have to go  after the fucking guy.
Wow, that is pretty crazy.
It's quite a story.
Now, Jim.
Do you want to tell me what's really going on here?
Yeah, well, Ricky told you the absolute truth.
If it wasn't for these guys,  Randy and I, we'd be fucking dead by now, Ted.
And you fucking police dummies  made them go through hell.
Instead of being out looking for them,  you accuse us of fucking murdering them.
You better drop those charges  and give us back our fucking money!
Just shut up, Ricky.
I will for a second.
That's it.
Shut up! fuck off!
And Jim...
What about that letter that you wrote?
The one we found in your camper.
You know?
Yeah, you were telling us about that.
It was the kidnappers, was it?
The fucking kidnapper!
He forced me to do it at gunpoint, Ted! fucking heavy duty shit.
You guys are all so full of shit!
I have to shit...
But you know what?
I don't even care any more.
Now I've got a police matter  that I have to deal with.
It's a real one.
So, Randy,  in order to make sure  that the paperwork on this  is filed properly,  I'll have to see you later.
Actually,  we both will.
For frig's sakes.
Ricky: For what?
Ted: You take my car.
I'll grab the cruiser that these idiots stole.
And the next time... any of you people even get  as much as a parking ticket,  I'm going to throw your ass in jail  so fast it'll make your heads spin!
You got that?
I don't live here but sure, cuz. fuck, my eyes are really dry.
I don't know what the fuck's going on there.
Keys are in the ignition, Ted!
You was one slick Rick mothafucka!
I fuck with your shit!
Real good!
You should be  on my mothafuckin' payroll, cuz.
I got you!
Thank God cops are dumb.
That was a way fucking better plan than you had.
"Let's blast everybody!"  That's all I know.
Randy: Thanks for keeping us out of jail, Ricky.
Okay, boys!
What's next on the agenda?
This is what's next.
Julian, what are you doing?
I thought we had a deal!
There is no deal.
Get the fuck in my trunk.
Ricky: (Chuckling)
Boys, I'm sorry I can't come on this one with you  but my nerves are just too shot  and somebody in this area scares the fuck out of me.
Don't worry about it, Bubs.
You stay here and relax, all right?
We can take care of this, no problem.
Just make sure those idiots don't get out of there  until the fucking deal's done, okay?
Lahey: (From trunk)
Julian, please!
I'll do anything.
I'm fucking...
Randy: Please, Julian.
I've got really bad gas!
Just keep drinking until you pass out, you fucking drunk.
I'll give you something to fucking chew on right now, cuz.
Over the rainbow, motherfuckers.
Let's go.
All right, let's do it.
Ricky: See you soon, Bubs.
Okay, I'm going to be over in my shed.
I'll come and check on you guys though,  and I'll make sure you have water later.
Lahey: Wait!
Don't walk away, Bubbles, come on, bud!
I'll make you a deal.
Nope, sorry.
No fucking deals.
No way.
Randy: Please, Bubbles, we could die in here.
It's inhumane.
It's hot.
For fuck's sakes, all right. hang on.
Look, I'll send you some... delicious roast chicken chips down the fucking pipe here.
Barb: Bubbles?
These go great with liquor.
Bubbles, I got back as quick as I could.
Did you...
Have you heard anything about Jim?
Uhh, no I haven't.
I've been really... busy just putting chips in my gas tank here.
Lahey: Barb!
Is that you, Barb?
What is he doing in there, Bubbles?
You let him out right now!
Look, Barb, I can't do that.
He's hard on the liquor.
Lahey: No, he's lying, Barb.
I haven't even had a drink.
Julian kidnapped us. who do you mean, us?
Randy: Hi, Barb.
Oh, my God.
Bubbles, you open that trunk right now  or you will be evicted from this park!
I can't do that, Barb, even if I wanted to.
I don't have the keys.
Oh, rea...
I don't have the keys.
Oh, really?
What, you mean these keys?
I'm coming, Jim.
Look, Barb.
You can't open that.
Look, there's more at play here than you know.
Oh, Jim.
What the hell is going on?
Jesus Murphy.
Randy and I are both on the force now, Barb.
Oh my God, you are drunk.
No, I'm not.
What the hell has happened here?
You promised me that you were going to be supervising the park.
Well, the liquor's supervising the park, Barb.
The liquor's supervising the park,  and it's supervising me,  and it's supervising Randy,  and it's supervising this too.
Jim, Jim, Jim.
Jim, let him go right now.
I can't do that, Barb.
Bubbles, are you hungry, bud?
Uhh, a little bit.
'Cause we're going to an all-you-can-eat shit buffet.
Well, things are all set up.
We've got Snoop's guys, they're on their way with the boat  and I'm feeling pretty fucking good about everything.
Now all we've got to do is just stick to the plan.
What's going on?
Ricky: I fucked up, man.
I've got to stop for gas.
No, no, no, no.
You're not...
For fuck's sakes.
Bubbles: Please, Mr.
Lahey, please let me out of here.
I don't like the dark!
Oh, it's not very nice in there, is it, Bubbles?
Make sure the shit spiders don't get you, bud.
Bubbles: (Screaming) shit spiders?
Good day, gentlemen.
I'd like to have every goddamn ounce of liquor  and every fucking gun  you've got in the goddamn joint.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You better back the fuck off  or you'll get knocked the fuck out.
That's right, bitch.
Who the fuck do you think you are anyways?
Good idea.
Are you fucking crazy?
What the fuck?
I don't know.
Am I?
Man: (Moaning in pain)
Are you calling the liquor crazy?
You're fucked up.
You've got beautiful eyes. fuck off, Lahey.
Okay, boys... guns now!
Give me the fucking guns now!
Sammy O.G: Jeez, cuz.
Yo, this shit right here, cuz?
This shit is sweet and salty.
That shit's pretty nice, eh?
It's the shit.
Julian: What the fuck are you doing, man?
I told you not to stop!
I needed fucking gas, Julian.
It's not my fault.
Sammy wanted to try some pepperoni.
This shit is tight, cuz.
Would you mind putting that cigarette out  before you blow us all up, you fucking dummy!
It's not a fucking cigarette, it's a joint, dummy.
And you can't fucking blow yourself up at the gas pumps with a cigarette.
I saw it on Myth-dusters.
So tongue my tasty balls.
It is gas vapour and... an ignition source.
You're damn right you could blow us up.
Oh, my fuck, yeah.
Look at me.
I'm going to blow up the world.
A little bit gas and a fucking weed joint.
Ricky, what are you doing?
Ricky, get up.
Get up, get up, Ricky!
Man: Sir!
Extinguish the cigarette and step away from the pumps!
Holy fuck, man.
Everybody calm the fuck down.
Nothing can happen here.
Put it out now or I'm calling the cops.
All right.
I'll put it out.
Just let me have a couple more drags.
Call the goddamn cops on him anyway!
Julian: Hey, hey, listen.
Here, want this? fucking take it!
Julian: Ricky, that's enough!
Listen, my friend here is on medication, okay?
He doesn't know what he's saying.
You apologize to these nice people.
All right.
I'm sorry that you two are so fucked!
That's enough!
All right, okay, don't got to call the cops.
We're leaving now, anyway.
All right?
Thanks, man.
What the fuck is wrong with this world?
Get in the fucking car. fucking idiots.
Yo, what up, T?
...so fucking a-scared of everything.
Yo, Julian, man.
Lahey just busted in the trailer, man  and shot Mr.
Green in the leg.
He fucking took off with a bunch of guns and liquor, man.
Julian: (On phone)
Are you fucking kidding me?
Where's Bubbles?
I don't know, man.
It sounded like he was in the trunk.
Oh, my fuck.
All right, all right.
We've got to go.
We've got to go!
Get in your fucking car and let's go!
What's happening?
We've got to go!
Oh fuck, don't blow yourself up there, dickhead. fuck's sakes.
Cory: (Speaking indistinctly)
Sammy O.G.: Hold on!
Ah, fuck.
Ah, fuck!
Julian: Bubs, I'm on my way.
Sammy O.G.: Ah..
Okay, Cory, Jacob, I'm going to fucking pull over.
When I do, you guys jump out,  fucking tell the cop to fuck off, tell him to suck your cock.
Do whatever you have to do, just make them fucking chase you  so you get them away from us, all right?
No talking, boys.
This is your fuck-up.
You're going to have to make it look good.
And make them fucking go after you.
Bail, bail, bail!
Good luck, boys.
Good luck.
Cory & Jacob: Hey, you! fuck you...
Suck my di-i-ick.
Jacob: Okay, go, go, go.
Where the fuck are you guys going?
What are they doing?
This is some bullshit, cuz.
It didn't work!
Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!
Jesus Christ, Ricky.
Hey, officer.
Can I help you?
Mind telling me who you were talking to on the phone  that was so important you needed to break the law?
Uhh, I wasn't talking on the phone, man.
Mind stepping out the vehicle, sir?
Hey, what's in that glass, right there?
It's just root beer, man.
What's in these boxes?
Uh, it's just lobster.
I'm just heading to the grocery store.
Grocery store's back that way.
Do you mind if I take a look inside these boxes, sir?
Well, they're...
Hey, are those dumb fucks coming back or what? fuck 'em! motherfucker, go!
They're all...
I'm the delivery guy, man.
They're all shrink-wrapped up.
I don't know.
You can smell them.
You can smell them, man.
Just open one box for me.
Come on.
Just open one box?
Just one box.
This one here or this one here?
It doesn't matter.
Just open a box.
What the fuck are you doing?
There's a huge fucking accident over there  on Cole Harbour Road...
What are you guys talking about?
It's fucking bad, people are mangled...
...there's these two fucking weird dudes waving guns around,  threatening people.
Bang, bang!
Are you serious?
Jesus Christ, nothing came in over the radio.
You're going to wait for this to come in over the radio, man?
People are fucking dying!
Get the fuck over there now!
Bodies everywhere!
All right, all right, all right, God damn it.
Wait right here.
Unit 27.
I need back-up.
...small engine repair.
We've got a...
10-54 on Cole Harbour Road, possible 10-32.
Dumb fuck.
A possible 10-32.
That was a real cheers, motherfucker.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
I don't know how you do it, man, but thanks, buddy.
Cops are fucking dumb.
We're down two guys because of fucking two other dummies.
Let's go, let's go. fuck's sakes.
Where are the fucking boys?
I don't know.
And where's this fucking thing going down, Bubbles?
I don't know!
I don't know anything!
I'm not fucking around, Bubbles!
I know, I know you're not.
I see that.
I'm not afraid of you, Mr. Lahey.
I know there's a good person in there behind this liquor veil.
I know that you would never shoot me.
Bubbles,  I just watched Mr. Lahey shoot Mr. Green  not 20 minutes ago.
We're not fucking around.
Right, Mr. Lahey?
Right, Randy.
Bubbles,  I'm just going to ask you one more time  to take us to where the boys are,  or the cops are going to go  and you're going to have  a great big fucking hole in your leg.
I got you, kid.
A'ight, listen up, boys.
They're pulling up to the drop point now, cuz.
Let's do this shit.
Right on, man.
This calls for a celebratory fucking joint.
My nigger.
No, no, no, boys.
We've got to go. fuck that.
Bubbles: (on phone)
What's up, Bubs?
Lahey and Randy got out.
They've got me trapped in the fucking trunk now.
How the fuck did they get out?
Barb Lahey fucked everything up.
I'm sorry, Julian.
I'm scared, I've never seen Lahey this crazy before.
All right... hang tight.
We're coming for you.
Ricky: Yeah, Bubs.
I don't know if you have to, Julian.
I'm pretty sure we're on our way to you.
You told them where we are?
Well, he had a fucking gun pressed to my leg.
Yeah, sorry about that!
Look, just go get the deal done.
I'm going to try to MacGyver my way out of here.
Julian: All right.
Lahey's coming for us.
We've got to go, boys.
All right, can you untie that, Sammy? motherfucker, I don't even roll my own blunts.
What the fuck?
You can't untie a rope?
Ricky, untie it. fuck's sakes.
Julian: Jesus, man.
It's all fucking wind-cocked.
Just fucking untie it.
Do you want me to shoot it off?
Put the fucking gun away, Sammy! asshole, fuck off.
For fuck's sakes, Ricky.
All right.
Are we good?
We're fucking ready to move!
What are you waiting for?
Julian: Man, that boat is killer.
Two million dollars.
Both: Two million?
Holy fuck.
That's the kind of money I want, man. fucking right.
Who the fuck is shooting at us?
Julian: Get rid of them!
Jesus Christ!
Julian: fuck!
...motherfuckers shooting at us right now.
Be ready to deal with that shit.
You know what? fuck it!
Spray them fools. fuck off!
Sammy O.G: (Indistinct)
Julian: Yeah!
Sorry, man.
Holy fuck, it sucks to get shot in the hand.
It really fucking hurts!
Come on, guys.
I led you to the fucking spot.
Can't you just let me go, please?
Oh, we can't let you go yet, Bubbaroo.
The festivities are just fucking getting started, bud.
You know...
I always thought  that you had to let the liquor do the thinking.
But you know what?
It's not enough.
You have to let the liquor  take ab-so-lute control.
That's the key to success.
Down the hatch, bud.
I can't chug all this, Mr. Lahey.
You can't chug all...
Randy, don't fucking question me!
I know what the fucking hell I'm doing!
Chug the fucking thing!
Mr. Lahey, you're having a liquor surge.
I don't give a fuck if I'm having a fucking liquor sur...
Randy, don't fucking question...
Just drink it, Randy.
Just drink it.
You're fucking right, Bubbles.
Your fucking turn, bud.
Yes, sir, you're going to thank me for this.
Oh, Mr. Lahey, I can't drink...
Yes, you fucking can, Bubbles.
There you are.
Hey, don't think about it, Bubbles.
Don't think about it.
Just do it, bud.
Just do it.
Go with the liquor, buddy.
Go with the liquor.
Holy fuck!
That's everything.
You got it, man.
You got it.
That is a done deal, motherfuckers.
Good doing business with y'all.
Here is your motherfuckin' money.
Julian: Right on.
Sammy O.G.: Minus the bail money you owe me.
Ricky: Holy fuck!
Oh, man. motherfucker, you crying right now?
No, man.
It's just the most beautiful thing  I've ever seen in my life.
Oh, go ahead, count that shit, make sure it's all there.
No, we're good, man.
I trust you guys.
Right on.
All right, man.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you.
Yo, untie them fools.
Awesome, man.
Cheers, man!
Man, this money's fucking awesome.
It's pretty fucked-looking, though.
Man, it's real, man.
And we're getting fucking wasted tonight.
Ricky: fucking right.
Wait now.
We've got a bogey incoming at us.
Ricky: What?
Is it the fucking cops?
Lahey: (Tuneless singing)
Bubbles: (Indistinct shouting)
Julian: No, it's Lahey. shit, get down!
Ohh, fuck!
I'm shot!
Bubbles: Boys, I'm fucking wasted!
They've got Bubbles.
Stay down, Ricky.
Ricky: What the fuck are you idiots doing? fuck off!
Lahey: Stop shooting at us!
Bubbles: Don't shoot, Ricky, don't shoot!
Julian: Don't shoot, Ricky. fuck, stay down!
Bubbles: (Whimpering, yelling)
Bubbles: He's got me, he's got me, boys.
Julian: What the fuck do you want, Lahey?
Lahey: Okay boys, throw your guns in the water!
You put your fucking guns down, right now.
The liquor has control of the situation.
Okay, don't fucking hurt Bubbles.
I won't hurt Bubbles  but I'm going to fucking shoot you, Julian.
I just shot Mr.
Green  so I'm not going to have any fucking problem shooting you, bud.
He did too, and he blasted him.
For fuck's sakes!
Lahey: Throw your fucking guns over, boys.
Thank you very much.
Now fucking throw me over that money  that you know you've got in the fucking bag, Julian.
Not a fucking chance, you asshole.
Julian, do you know what a shit bubble is?
Julian: What?
A shit bubble.
Now, Julian, a normal bubble,  when you put it in the water,  kind of rises to the top,  but a shit bubble, Julian... a shit bubble sinks right to the goddamn bottom.
You fucking leave him alone!
Bubbles: Boys, don't let him put me in the water.
I'm fucking wasted!
You're drunk?
I'm fucking shot twice over here, Bubbles!
Bubbles: I didn't want to get drunk.
I'm going to count to ten  and then I'm going to start carbonating the ocean  with shit bubbles.
Ten, nine,  eight, seven...
Ricky: fuck off!
We need music!
Hey, Julian!
Have you got a Speedo on under there  or are you more of a thong man?
Would you go fuck yourself!
Lahey: Oh, doesn't matter anyway,  because little Bubbles is going fucking swimming  if you don't send me the fucking money!
No, Julian.
Don't let him put me in the ocean, Julian!
Lahey: Come on, Julian.
Bubbles: I'll sink!
Give us the money, Julian!
Frig off, Ricky!
Wait, wait, wait!
You give him to us and we'll give you the money.
Give him the money, Julian.
It's fucking Bubbles here.
Why do you have to be such a fucking asshole all the time?
Julian, I can't...
Julian, I'm fucking serious.
Don't fuck with me.
Give him the fucking money!
...all right!
All right!
Lahey: Three...
Hang on, Bubs.
Give me the money, Julian...
Hey, Randers.
Ricky: Let him go!
Let him go!
Lahey: We're fucking rich, Randy!
We fucking made it, Randy.
Rick, you fucking...
Man: (on radio)
We've got reports of gunshots offshore.
Which one of you shot me, huh?
Was it you, Randy?
Was it fucking you?
I'll shoot you frigging again.
Frig off!
Okay, Bubs.
Julian: Come on, buddy.
We've got you, buddy.
Bubbles: (Whimpering)
Come on, buddy.
Lahey: Randy.
Put your fucking gun up, Randy.
You're fucking dead.
You are fucking dead.
Man: (on radio)
Chief Green, suspects located.
Moving in.
I finally fucking beat you, bud.
You lose, bud.
Man: (On loudspeaker)
Everyone drop your weapons  and put your hands in the air!
Listen, we are not armed!
We were fucking cruising around.
These idiots pulled up and shot us for no fucking reason!
Man: (On loudspeaker)
All right, gentlemen, put your hands up now.
Hands where I can see them.
We got our hands up.
Sir, put the beverage down,  and put your hands up.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I'm shot, you asshole!
Man: (on radio)
Scene is secure here, chief.
We're bringing both boats in now.
You might want to have an EMT on stand-by.
We've got a couple of gunshit wounds here.
Yeah, take your time.
Let them bleed out for a little bit.
Why the fuck are we in handcuffs, you fucking dummies?
We were out there fishing, minding our own business.
These drunk pricks show up and shoot us for no fucking reason!
That's a pile of sheep shit, Ricky.
We were making a shit-izen's arrest.
Multiple gun fights out at sea.
Pretty subtle, guys.
Ah, fuck off, George.
Ah, fuck!
This was a big score, chief.
Get all of this down to evidence  and we'll get everything sorted out.
Oh, don't worry about it.
I'll take care of it.
Chief Green.
I'm Detective Hartford, Internal Affairs.
I'll take these from you, sir.
Put your hands behind your back.
Excuse me?
No, we've been watching you for a long time, George.
Money laundering, insurance fraud, theft of evidence.
We've got it all on tape too,  thanks to the awesome work of Officer Johnson here.
You're going to jail, George.
A wire, Ted?
You miserable little shit.
You're the one who should be investigated, not me.
Oh, I was being investigated, George.
But I sucked my way out.
Have fun in jail. fuck you!
You motherfucker!
You little bag-sucking whore!
Get the fuck back here!
Come here, you cocksucker!
I'm going to tear you a new one!
I'm going to shit down your fucking neck!
You know... a lot of non-believers... they think of people who talk to the liquor are crazy.
But, you know, they don't realize  that not only is the liquor a powerful entity,  it is an irresistible force.
It is all-knowing.
It is all-loving.
Talking to the liquor  is like talking to God.
Mr. Lahey's been really different  since he got back on the liquor this time.
It's worrying me.
Even though he hasn't had a drink in weeks,  he says that the liquor's still talking to him,  it's telling him what to do and how to think.
It's weird!
He's even talking about building a liquor altar,  whatever in the frig that is.
We just got goddamn lucky,  there's no other fucking way to say it.
You know, they didn't have any evidence tying us to a crime  technically, so they had no choice but to let us go, thank fuck.
It was a bump in the road for sure  but at least now I can get re-focused on my pizza sauce business,  keep my head down, work my nuts off  and just lead a clean, honest life.
You know, we did make a fucking lot of money but at the end of the day it was dirty money  and I'd rather not have anything to do with it.
And Ricky and Julian completely agree.
The whole doing things legit  and being honest shit is pretty fucking cool, I guess, but...
I just can't stop thinking  about how much money we made in 45 days.
We're never going to make that kind of money  making goddamn pizza sauce but... yeah, I mean... it is pretty fucking cool to be honest, I guess.
For Bubbles I mean.
The little fucker thinks he's so fucking funny, doesn't he?
Don't move.
Don't make a fucking sound.
All that fucking money and it was mine.
Well, it was all of ours  but I had it right in my fucking hands.
I'm going to get it back.
I've just got to figure out how I'm going to do that.
It's all I can think about.
It's driving me fucking nuts. fuck's sakes.
Well, I should have known better  than to listen to Randy  and I should know better  than to listen to Bubbles, Ricky and Julian.
But, actually,  Julian and I have had long negotiations  over the last few evenings  and we've, uh... we've come to an agreement.
He has promised that they're going to focus  on Bubbles' pizza sauce business  and, after all, that's good for the park and... we may have to have more... moving forward but...
I'm quite happy with the arrangement.
Hey, I've got no comment about Barb Lahey.
What's important is I'm back with Ricky and Bubbles,  you know, and I'd... pretty much do anything  for those two fucking guys. fuck off with the camera, guys.
I'm not going to tell you again.
The only reason I'm in here  is because I wasn't blowing anybody.
And now I'm in here,  I'm probably going to have to do it just to stay alive.
Is that what you want me to say?
That I'm going to be somebody's bitch? fuck you and everyone like you. fucking gobs of shit.
I'd be pretty stressed out in a situation like this,  but the liquor said:  "This is all going to work out."  It told me not to worry,  (Whispering)
I'm going to walk out of here  and that money, that's all going to be mine.
And Randy and I, we're going to get married in Ireland,  just like we planned,  and everyone's going to live happily ever after.
That's what the liquor said.
Praise be thy Lord, the liquor.
Benedicium dominum spiritus sancti.
All right.
Hey, Barb.
Oh, decent, you got me some empties.
I want these out of my park!
All of them!
They're everywhere!
What do you mean, all of them?
I collected these coming down here! they're in ditches, they're in bushes,  they're all over the playground!
They're up trees, they're under people's cars!
Okay, okay...
They're up my ass!
Okay, Barb.
Just relax!
I understand, but...
I mean, that's not really my problem.
I mean, I run a very tight ship here.
I run it very clean...
It's not your...
It's not your problem?
Well, no, it isn't because once I sell the fucking bottles to somebody,  who owns the bottles?
They do!
Not me!
It's not my responsibility.
Well, it is my responsibility to keep this park rodent-free,  and it seems to me that the only way to deal with that  is to go to the source of the problem and get rid of it!
Oh, Barb!
Come on, this is all I got!
This is my business!
Look, I'll fucking work with you, we can sort this out.
I mean, I can...
I can start a recycling program,  -maybe charge people a deposit.
Oh, for God's sake!
Bubbles, people aren't gonna...
People aren't gonna pay a deposit.
They can barely pay for the shit water you're making!
It's not!
That's delicious, quality product.
For God's sake...
I wanna see a drastic change, Bubbles!
And I wanna see it today!
Oh, hey, Julian.
You're in your fucking court clothes.
Big surprise.
On your way to fucking court!
Bubs, I'm not going to court, man.
Well, I've got no more fucking money.
And I'm not spotting you any more beer,  I only bottled enough for my deliveries.
I owe Donnie a fucking case...
Bubs, Bubs, Bubs.
I don't want any free beer.
I don't want free anything, man, okay?
I'm going to get a job.
I've been thinking about what you said to me, man, and you're right, you know?
It's time for me to grow the fuck up.
It's time for all of us to grow up.
So I'm gonna go down to the mall, fill out a bunch of applications  and, you know, see what happens.
Okay, what's really going on here, Julian?
Because I know you're not fucking serious.
Serious enough  that I'm not taking this fucking thing with me.
Here, hang on to that for me.
Come on, take it.
Oh, my God.
You're going to the mall without your drink?
No, I'm still going to have a drink.
You know, I'm not just...
I'm not gonna take the glass with me.
It'll be a little less obvious, you know?
Oh, my God, Julian... you're fucking serious. fucking rights, I'm serious.
Come here!
Come here!
I'm fucking proud of you, Julian.
Thanks, man.
Oh, my God.
I love you.
Back at you, buddy.
All right, wish me luck.
Godspeed, my muscular friend.
Dude, this is awesome.
We're gonna make a killing off these bottles.
It's like almost 250 a pop.
Cory, first of all, we're not gonna make anything.
It's a fucking deposit that we've gotta give back.
And what do you mean, "250 a pop"?
Where are you getting that?
Well, I multiple 2 times 24, dude.
2 times 24 is not 224.
Yeah, check it.
Look: 2 times 24.
That's how you multiply, is it, Cory?
Okay, show me what's 10 times 10, Cory?
Well, 10 times 10...
1-0-1-0, dude.
Oh, my God.
That is not how you multiply, Cory.
I'm sorry.
Well, everyone has their own way of multiple, dude,  and it's all the same results.
We're gonna rock it.
Just give me this.
I'll deal with the math.
Get me some empties,  then I'll start doling out the high fives.
Don't use your brain.
Wassup, Mo?
All right, cool.
Hey, Trin.
Hey, Mo.
Who's got your...
Hee hee hee!
He's just like a big kitty.
Gotta put you down.
Hey, Bubs.
What's going on?
I think Dad's losing it.
Oh, Trin, your dad lost it a long time ago.
No offence.
What's wrong?
No, he gave me his car house.
Said he's giving up.
He said he's gonna be gone forever after today.
Hey, Ricky, what's going on?
How come you're packing up your suitcase?
Hey, Bubs.
I was just about to come say goodbye.
Well, what's going on?
Are you okay?
Actually, I feel great and it's all thanks to you.
Thinkin' a lot about what you said and... you're totally right.
I'm better off in jail.
I never said that, Ricky.
Well, not those exact words, but you did say I was a loser, and I am.
Not a single thing in this universe I'm good at except  fucking growing dope and, well, banging.
And now Susan's gone and the dope's gone, so...
Only place I'm not a menace to society or a loser is fucking jail,  so that's where I'm going.
Ricky, you're not a fucking menace to society now.
Yes, I am.
I almost made my son-of-law a fucking paralegic.
What happened?
What are you talking about?
Jacob, you wanna come out here for a second, please?
Hold on.
What did you do to him?
I'm a fucking asshole, that's what I did to him.
What do you need?
Oh, fuck!
Jacob, what happened to you?
Ricky made me punch his engagement horse in the ass.
Then it kicked me through the barn door and broke my neck.
Oh, my fuck!
Your neck's broke?
He was this close to having fucking no arms, no legs, because of me.
So I'm gonna do something really fucking stupid  and probably go to jail for the rest of my life.
Thanks for helping me see things more clearly.
You're really good at that.
Ricky, just hang on now.
I did not fucking say anything like that,  that isn't what I meant.
Let's just...
Why don't we go down to the store?
We'll get some fucking Moon Mist ice creams like we used to  and we'll sit at the picnic table  and we'll talk it out, and we'll figure it out.
All right?
Are you buying?
'Cause I don't have a fucking cent.
I'll buy the ice creams.
Moon Mist.
Jacob, do you want us to pick you up anything?
No, thanks, I'm okay, man.
I just need to lie down.
Hang in here.
Looking good.
Oh, shit.
If you need to use the bathroom again,  fuck, you've got to hold it till I get back, I guess.
I'm all in favour of spending some quality time together down at the track,  but I had an idea last night, Mr.
Will you listen to me?
Oh, sure, Randy.
I think we should hire an Assistant Assistant Trailer Park Supervisor.
To help us with our workload.
No offence, Mr.
Lahey, but you're getting a little too old to handle the bullshit.
The liquor speaks.
There's no liquor here, sir.
The liquor is in each and every one of us, Randy.
It's all around, all the time.
The liquor's telling us to go down to the horse track, Randy.
It's a sign!
We can talk about that other stuff later, okay?
See this?
This half of the money is ours.
We're gonna cherish it, we're gonna love it,  and we're gonna protect it for as long as we can, okay?
See this pile?
This pile... belonged to the almighty Julian.
But guess what?
Now it's free money!
We can be a bit reckless with it if we want to, Randy,  because it's free, sexy money.
I don't think this is a good idea.
Can't you see?
I was really fucked up.
Now I'm so full of life just playing with this shit!
And, besides, you told me yourself,  it's got the best canteen in Atlantic Canada.
Okay then, Mr. Lahey.
But promise me we're not gonna get too frigging out of control.
When have I ever done that?
Working at the mall's pretty much the bottom of the barrel,  but it's the easiest place to get a job  because there's such a high turnover rate.
You know, there's a couple cool stores here.
There's a sports store, that's all right.
And there's a supplement store,  which would be neat because I'd get a staff discount.
But you know, it's not about the money, it's not about any of that bullshit.
It's about feeling good about myself.
And you know, Bubs made me realize that... that's something I haven't felt in a long time, so... here I am.
Maybe I could borrow your truck later tonight  and be a cab driver for the drunks at the bars.
You need a chauffeur's licence for that, Ricky,  and you know what's gonna happen.
You're gonna end up  sitting out front of bars fucking drunk and high every night.
Yeah, good point.
Well, maybe I could work at the beach,  doing something with the beach?
The beach?
There's not really any jobs at the beach, Ricky.
Other than a lifeguard, and I don't think you can do that.
You see?
Like, I'm fucked!
There's nothing!
I'm just gonna go back to jail, it's fucking easier.
We're done finishing these ice creams and this fucking beautiful joint,  I'm robbing that fucking store and I'm going to jail! fuck it!
You're not.
You're not robbing the store.
We can figure this out.
Just think about the last six months.
What have you done?
Name something you've done where you just felt fucking awesome.
Banging was good.
Or eating or getting high or drunk, I like that.
Video games, hockey.
I don't know... watching sports.
No, I get all that, but you can't get a job banging.
Like, something you did where you were just, like, "fucking right on!"  Like... there must be something, Ricky, that makes you feel good.
Well, I built that deck.
I know when that was done  I fucking stood back and I'm looking at it going, "Holy fuck, I built that."  And it caused all these weird feelings, like...
I had... like, these buttermoth feelings that... they were trying to fly out of my fucking mouth  and my heart was about to explode.
It was good, whatever the fuck it was.
See, I know.
That's proud, Ricky.
You felt proud.
That's what you call that?
That's what you call it.
I am proud.
The fucking deck's amazing.
You did fucking good work with the carpentry, so that's it!
Why don't you become a handyman?
Bubs, I'm not gonna start giving out fucking handies.
I'm not that desperate.
I don't mean that, Ricky.
Not male prostitute stuff.
I mean, you know, like doing odd jobs, little carpentry jobs... around the park, you know?
You could do that.
You think?
Well, I mean, not to the level where if somebody wants a fucking house built.
Or if they want their whole house rewired  or a fucking swimming pool put in or whatever.
But say somebody's got a loose railing on their deck  or, you know, knocked a hole in the wall and they need it patched.
Who the fuck are they gonna call?
Don't know, I do all that myself.
Don't know who the fuck you call for that shit.
They'd call you, Ricky.
That's what I'm saying.
They would call you!
"Hey, Ricky, can you patch this hole for me?"  I get it.
That's cool.
I think we can figure this out, Ricky.
All right, you guys wait here.
Don't be cock-blocking me.
Hey, how you doing?
Hi there!
Hi, I'm Julian.
Nice to meet you, Julian.
How can I help you?
Well, your name would be nice for starters.
My name's Heather.
Holy shit,  I love this outfit.
And your eyes are...
Thank you.
Uh, I'm just looking for a job application.
You're not serious, are you?
Oh yeah, I'm...
I'm serious.
I've always wanted to own a place like this and...
You know, I'm an entrepreneur, so I've got to start somewhere, right?
Mm-hmm, yeah.
Okay, well...
I'll be right back, Julian.
All right.
Just wait here.
Okay, thanks, Heather. fuck, that was easy.
How much do you need to make, realistically, every week to live, Ricky?
Well, with Susan gone, probably 50, 60 bucks a week.
Just need enough money for a bit of pepperoni,  some chicken fingers... food, basically... some dope and liquor.
There you go, 50, 60 bucks a week.
You could make that, no problem, doing the odd, you know... cutting some boards, putting up some drywall, whatever.
I bet you'd have so much fucking work, you couldn't even handle it.
Well, I don't want too much work.
I mean, that is one of my... life rules, right?
Not to work.
I know, Ricky, but that's what I'm saying about growing up, you know?
It's time to grow up.
You don't always get everything exactly the way you want it.
Sometimes you've just got to bite the cock.
You know what, Bubs?
You're fucking right.
It's time for me to suck some cock.
No, that isn't... that isn't at all what I said, Ricky.
I meant bite it figuratively,  not go out and start actually... doing it.
Stop fucking filming me!
Okay, Ricky, this is gonna be fucking awesome!
Look at this, put that one up, but...
Looks good.
Give me another one.
Oh, yeah?
People don't know this, but the secret to putting up flyers:  you put two side by side. fuck you, pork supper.
Look at this.
Put two side by side.
It's scientifically proven.
Now that will get people's attention.
Hey, fellas!
Look at those two fucking cock ovens wearing their fucking tool belts  in the grocery store.
Probably don't know what the fuck they're doing.
Got some fucking competition now, you little dick mixers!
Ricky, don't get cocky about it.
If it isn't my two favourite dick pipes.
Get the fuck out of my way!
Go fuck yourself.
What the hell are you guys doing here?
Putting up flyers.
Rickey's got a new business.
Look, I've got a little kind of a fucking, uh, a towel rack thingy  that I want put up in my bathroom.
Do you think you could do that?
A towel rack?
I can do that in about two minutes.
How much?
A buck, buck 50, maybe?
No, Ricky.
No, it's...
Look, if you look close at the fine print, it's a ten dollar minimum,  ten bucks an hour, but guaranteed work.
He does fucking great work.
Okay then, sweetie, you got a deal.
Oh, my fuck.
You know what?
People like you are gonna keep me the fuck out of jail!
Thank you!
Get off me, you big fucking oaf!
You smell of weed and ass.
Oh, and Bubba, I need some more of that Green Bastard beer.
God, that stuff is delicious.
And tonight is the finale of Dancing With the Stars.
See you in a bit.
Did I just get my first fucking job?
You just got it, Ricky!
You are officially in business, bud.
I was fucking born to do this!
Look at this!
Randy, Randy...
Go for it!
Go for it!
We won 25 bucks, Mr. Lahey!
We won!
Hey, that's two in a row, Randy.
So, buddy, I think... you know what?
I think I should have the next bet  and I think we should take it up a few notches, okay, bud?
We shouldn't ruin our good luck streak, Mr. Lahey.
Why not, Randy?
Besides, I got a tingly feeling  that Come From Behind's gonna take the next one!
Two bucks is another 25.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, look!
It's a sign, Randy, from the liquor.
I'd like to pace a "blet", as you say.
Whoa, whoa!
Not allowed back here.
Just fucking relax.
On Topless Thunder!
That's a 20-to-1 odds, sir.
Don't make that bet.
Oh, Randy, don't be so ridiculous!
This is a harbinger from the Gods of Liquor!
We can't fucking lose, bud.
How much would you like to bet?
I'd like to bet 24,000.
No, Mr. Lahey!
But Randy...
Randy, for fuck's sake!
Randy, stop it!
Randy, you gotta bet big if you wanna win big.
Mr. Lahey, you just made a big mistake!
No, I didn't, Randy!
Liquor never lies, bud, as time will tell.
What the frig...
This is the best idea Bubbles ever had.
I can't believe we never thought of this before.
Anyway, let's get this little hand towel holder put up  and we're the fuck out of here in five minutes.
These old homes are always built to code,  so their studs are every 16 inches, so we'll just make a little mark here.
Put a couple screws in this and we're the fuck out of here!
Ten bucks, just like that.
There we go. fucking seriously?
Who the fuck built this piece of shit?
He was obviously fucking drunk.
Fuckin' Jesus.
Where the fuck's the stud?
Oh, for fuck's sakes.
Now I got a fucking hole here. fucking asshole.
You can patch these little holes and... you know, they still look pretty good, but... the best thing to do when you get a hole like this is to... to make a little square.
Then you'll never have to worry about it cracking.
May as well fucking do it right!
So much for the goddamn five-minute fucking job.
But anyway... fucking idiots that built this fucking place. fuck 'em.
Cut a nice little rectangle out of here.
Punch another couple holes in the corner...
All right.
We take our trusty "I'll fucking cut through anything" saw.
And make sure you try and stay on the lines,  'cause you wanna be able to replace a nice rectangle afterwards.
Oh, for fuck's sakes...
What the fuck is going on in there?
My goddamn TV just went out.
Chill the fuck out, Marguerite.
It's probably just a breaker, no big deal.
I'll fix it.
What the fuck are you doing?
Oh, fuck!
What the hell was that? fuck, fuck!
Where is this water coming from?
My TV is still off!
Right in the middle of my show, you... you cock-sucking idiot!
Oh, I'm gonna kill you!
What the hell was that?
Where is this water coming from?
Get the fuck in here!
What the doubling heck?
I'm up to my fucking ankles in water out here!
What the...
And my TV's still off! fuck you!
What's going on?
Marguerite, you've got to shut your fucking water off!
Shut your fucking water off!
What the fuck?
Excuse me, sir.
Come with us, please.
Just gonna have a little talk.
Here he is, sir.
Nice work, guys, thanks.
I'll take it from here.
Nice work, you're fucking superheroes.
Good going.
Look, I didn't do anything wrong.
Yeah, yeah.
Sure, sure.
You see, the thing is...
They have this new stuff.
It's called, uh, security cameras.
They get your good side here, don't you think?
As you're reaching  into this guy's pocket to steal that wallet, right there in plain sight,  the footage not lying?
Is that it?
Is that it?
What do you mean, is that it?
Me taking a wallet?
Before I thought I'd apply for this fucking job here...
I thought that I would, uh,  do a little test on the security, and guess what I found out?
It sucks shit!
So bad I don't think  I could even fucking work here, which is unfortunate for you  'cause you could really use a guy like me, a professional.
Anyway, I thank you for your time.
No, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. let's talk?
I already have this fucking...
They want me to work over in this mall in Halifax, okay?
Basically doing the same thing you're doing:  staring at monitors, being the big boss man, eating shit,  smoking fucking cigarettes all day.
But that's not me.
You know, I'm the kind of guy that likes to be out in the field,  taking the bad guys down and putting them away, making myself feel good.
And just between you and I,  I'm a reformed criminal gone good and I've made it my life's mission  to put the bad guys down and in jail.
Wish I could've helped you out, man.
W-w-w-w-wait, wait, wait.
I'm sorry, okay.
I-I didn't mean to accuse you.
It's just I'm under a lot of stress and pressure here, right.
I got kids in the food court throwing subs at me all the time.
I've just been back from the ashram six months.
Six months and I've already gained all the weight back,  my wife has moved into the spare room,  I can't quit smoking,  I got Tweedledum and Tweedle-dumber  out there with the walkies all day going, "Gary, come to the food court!"  "Gary, come to administration!"  "Gary, come here!
Gary, come here!
Gary, come here!"  Gary, Gary, Gary, Gary!
I can take care of all of that for you, man.
All of it.
I can even help you get off the fucking butts.
No problem, I'm your fucking guy.
How do we make that work?
Twenty bucks an hour, Monday to Friday,  I'm second in command, and when I am working, I work alone.
You can fucking put those twat waffles on the weekend.
That's it.
Come over here, you stupid bastard. fuck off, Marguerite!
What the fuck is going on?
I'm trying to deal with this! fuck off!
What the fuck is going on?
What is going on?
Hit me with that fucking broom again,  -I dare you.
This cock-sucking anti-Christer  son of a bitch has totally trashed my fucking bathroom!
That's what's happened?
Oh, yeah!
What are you talking about?
Be my guest.
Go in and take a look!
Ricky, what did you do?
Wasn't my fucking fault.
I nicked the water pipe...
Oh, Ricky!
Things got a little more complicated.
But I'm going to...
Don't tell me there's water damage, Ricky! fucking idiot.
Oh, my...
Holy fuck!
Grand, isn't it?
Ricky, oh, my God!
Are you joking?
Like I said, it's a little more complicated now,  -but it's not a big deal...
Ricky, the bathtub and the toilet,  they're in the kitchen!
Are you kidding me?
Well, they had to go somewhere!
They're not gonna fucking stay here.
It's gonna get dealt with.
So everyone calm the fuck down!
Okay, Marguerite.
This is...
This is a major fucking problem, Ricky.
It's really not as bad as it looks.
Oh, my Jesus... sweet Murphy's tits!
Well, when some fucking idiot decides to put a stud... it's not 16 fucking inches, and then they're running pipes  and shit up...
What, do they need water up in the fucking attic?
These people are dumb!
I couldn't find the leak, so I'm tracing the sink.
Think it would be under the sink.
Rip the fucking sink out.
It goes around to the fucking tub.
So I rip that out.
And under the toilet.
Everything had to fucking come out in order to fix this properly.
Who the fuck runs fucking pipes...?
I swear, I'll fix that too.
Who the fuck runs pipes up here like this?
Oh, my Jesus, Ricky.
Look, Marguerite, calm...
He keeps saying it's not his fault.
It's not!
Well, I'm telling you...
Suppose I call the police and we let them sort out whose fucking fault it is?
Look, Marguerite, I know you're wild, dear, I know you're wild.
I'm gonna give you  two cases of beer right off the bat.
To calm your nerves.
And when I start to drink all that,  where do you suppose I'm going to piss?
That's a good point.
Listen to me right now.
This bathroom looked like shit when I started.
The little towel rack would have made it look better, yes, I admit that.
Now it's fucked.
I'll fix the whole thing, I'll do it right,  not like the fuckhead that built this that didn't do it right.
I'll do it right for 200 bucks.
Brand new bathroom.
200 bucks!
Ricky, what are you talking about?
It's a good deal.
Let me tell you, when all of that phantasmic work is done,  you can go fucking whistle for your 200 bucks! fucking loser.
Just try and stay calm, Marguerite.
Take a deep breath...
Hate that fucking guy.
I'm going to kill him!
I can't fucking believe, Ricky,  that this started with a goddamn towel rack!
I know, right?
Anyway, do you think she's gonna be cool with pissing in a bucket?
She can't piss in a bucket!
She's 82!
Will she piss outside?
Ricky, you figure out where she's pissing.
She's not pissing outside like a fucking wild animal.
Well, she might have to piss in your shed for a few days.
I'll let her know.
You can piss at Bubbles' for the next few days.
Uhhh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh!
Hey, Randy, open the door, the door's locked.
You went too far this time, sir.
You can sleep outside.
Hey, listen, Randy, Randy, Randy!
I-I admit that I...
I made a mistake, bud.
I shouldn't have been listening to the liquor.
It's proof enough, shit, that liquor doesn't know shit about horses!
Look, Randy.
I don't wanna fight with you, bud, just open up the door.
Randy, I'll tell you what.
Let me in and...
I'll let you take care of the money from now on.
You promise, sir?
Yeah, I promise.
Cross my heart and hope to die, Randers.
All the money?
All the money.
All of it?
You can take care of it.
And I'll tell you what else I'll do.
I'll give you a nice little foot massage, Randers.
And I'll, uh...
I'll clean out your belly button  with a nice, soft toothbrush and some lavender.
Thanks, Randy.
Okay, Mr. Lahey.
Boop, boop!
Ricky, Mike fucking Holmes couldn't redo that bathroom for 200 bucks.
Like, what are you thinking?
You don't understand, man.
My head's got it mapped out in a way that I'm still going to come  out of this with 150 bucks profit!
Need to steal a few fucking supplies.
That's not a bad day's work.
Listen to yourself though.
The whole point of you getting into business for yourself  is so that you don't have to break the law anymore.
I'm not.
You just said you're gonna steal supplies.
Like, stealing is not allowed anymore, Ricky, that's what I'm saying.
If you wanna turn your life around,  you make an honest living being your own boss.
That's how you do it.
Boys, check it out!
I got a job at the mall.
I just put in a four-hour shift.
I fucking loved it, man.
It was awesome!
A job at the mall?
Doing what?
Oh, Ricky, come on.
He's a cashier, Ricky.
I'm a security man.
That's amazing!
Yeah, man.
You've got a real job.
You're a working man!
Damn rights, buddy.
I'm proud of you, Julian.
I'm very proud of you.
Very proud.
Ricky got a legit job today too.
No way.
Doing what, carpentry?
How the fuck did you know that?
Ricky, I'm proud of you too.
Get in here.
Get over here, man.
Get in here!
Are you kidding me?
Huggie wuggies time.
All right, buddy!
Aw, dudes, I love hugs!
Look, man. fucking hero, dude, I found one.
But the rest are all broken.
What should I do?
Maybe, Cory, maybe you should go down  and fucking ram them in your stupid piss-hole.
Why don't you do that?
Cory, go clean up the fucking bottles!
Don't ruin beautiful moments, Cory! fuck's sakes!
Get back in here!
I'm not giving up on my hugs.
Right on, boys.
My two best friends making an honest living.
Right, Ricky?
Right, Bubs.
Right on, man. if I was a kitty,  you guys'd both need earplugs right now, I'd be purring so loud! fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Can I have a word, please?
Sure, Barb, what's going on?
What do you think I have in my hands here?
Well, I would say that is a piece of papier, as the French would say.
Very good.
It is indeed a piece of papier.
And what do you think is on this piece of papier?
Well, by the way you're gritting your old steak chewers there,  I'm guessing it's not good.
Is it?
This is a quote from a pest control company  to get rid of the rats in the park, Bubbles.
Holy fuck!
What are they doing,  dipping the cocksuckers in liquid gold to get rid of them?
Bubbles, I'm sorry, but you have got two choices.
You can either pay that or you can shut down this operation.
No, I...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
But this is... this is out of control!
As the French would say, trop, c'est trop.
I don't know what that means!
It means enough is enough!
Barb, this isn't really fair.
I mean, I told you, once the bottles leave my property,  how is that my responsibility?
No, I'm serious!
I mean... are you gonna tell the Burger Shack they've got to start paying to clean up  all the cheeseburger wrappers and semi-ingested fucking onion ring fragments  -that Randy blows all over the path?
That is not the same thing at all!
I believe that it is, Barb.
This is bullshit!
Hey, Bubs, what's going on?
What the fuck's happening?
Why you getting upset?
He's getting upset because of this.
This is the... contract for the rat control in the park  and Bubbles needs to pay it or shut down this operation.
This is fucking insane!
Get rid of rats?
I can get rid of the little fuckers for half of this.
You think you can deal with pest control for the park? fuck yeah.
For a joke.
The old man was the master at dealing with rats. fucking knew every trick of the book.
Oh, okay, all right.
If you, uh, if you can prove to me  that you are capable of this,  I will give you the contract for all of Sunnyvale  for half of half of this. fucking done.
Are you kidding me?
I would've did it for half, Barb.
Well, Ricky...
Thank you, Barb.
No problem.
Thanks a lot.
Ricky, that...
You just made a fucking terrible deal.
Yeah, hey, Ricky...
What are you doing?
Need to borrow the truck.
No, no, Ricky, Ricky, I can't loan you the fucking truck.
I've gotta use it.
Look, I only took the job from Barb to help you out, man.
Well, Ricky, that's not really fucking fair to say.
How are you gonna do that job that cheap anyway?
I can easily do it for fucking half of what they were talking about.
Ricky, you said you'd do it for a quarter.
A quarter?
I would never fucking do it for a quarter.
She said half of a half.
Come on, I'm doing this for you.
It's pretty fucked you're not gonna lend me the truck. for fuck's sakes.
Just need it a couple hours, pick up the shit I need for the job.
Come on, buddy.
All right.
All right, but I need it back this afternoon.
I've got deliveries to make.
Hey, Bubs...
No problem.
I need to use your truck, man.
What do I look like,  the fucking I'm-giving-out-free-trucks- to-everybody guy?
Come on, this is important.
Yeah, well, what I do is important too, Julian.
I couldn't loan it to you if I wanted to,  because apparently I just loaned it to Ricky.
That's right, buddy.
How long you gonna be, man?
I'll get it off you when you're done.
No problem.
I shouldn't be too long.
Right on.
Excuse me!
Do you see me standing here?
I'm in charge of my fucking truck.
I will decide who gets to use it and when.
Well, not anymore.
Now I'm in charge,  'cause you loaned it to me, right?
Isn't that the rule?
You loan something to somebody, they're in charge until they give it back.
Pretty sure...
Yeah, no, that's...
You're right, Ricky.
I thought I was.
I forgot that was on the front page of the fucking book of etiquette.
So you're in charge of my truck, not me,  so give it to whoever the fuck you want, Ricky.
Perfect, man.
No, no!
Holy fuck, somebody woke up on the left side of the bed.
Right on.
Talk to you in a bit.
See you in a bit.
I'm telling you, Randy, it's a sure thing.
Look, just bet on him already!
Look, you're gonna have another $100 to bet with tomorrow.
And there'll be other sure things, I'm sure.
I'm hungry  and I'm gonna get something to eat and see how much I have left over.
Oh, Randy...
Could I get a extra-large order of onion rings...
...a cheeseburger with two extra patties  and six slices of cheese... two hot-dogs with cheese and bacon,  and a large popcorn with layered butter.
And can you do four layers on that?
Extra-large rings;  cheeseburger, two ex-pats, six slices; two dogs, add cheese, bacon;  large popcorn, four layers.
Is that everything?
Uh, could you, uh, poutine-up the rings?
And give me two large beer and two ice cream sandwiches.
You want anything, Mr. Lahey?
No, I'm good.
Okay, that's everything.
There's 50.
Keep the change.
Randy, come on, let's go place a bet while they're cooking that shit up.
No, Mr.
You know what?
It's not my fault you lost all your money in 10 minutes.
I'm in charge of my own money and I decide who I'm betting on and when.
Randy, look, I get $100 allowance, right?
You can keep my tomorrow's $100  if you give me $50 now.
I got a sure fucking thing, Randy.
You wanna bet your tomorrow money?
Yeah, of course.
Look, Randy...
I'll tell you what.
If I lose, you get tomorrow's 100, and if I win, I'll split half with you.
You can't lose, bud.
Let me have some food and I'll think about it, Mr. Lahey.
Oh, Randy!
For fuck's sakes!
Hey, boys, what's up?
Hey, Mr.
What's up, man?
Rascal, what's going on, man?
What's up, man?
Hi, buddy.
I need you to steal some shit for me down at the mall.
When you say steal some shit, define "steal some shit."  Just got to take some furniture, bring it back to my trailer.
That's it, man.
It's easy.
No way.
Not after what happened the other day.
Ricky almost shot at us for real, man.
And we didn't get paid for that fucking thing.
Okay, well, now you will.
What you got?
I confiscated this down at the mall, man.
It's yours.
Plus 100 bucks cash as soon as the job's done.
Well man, we can... we can pick it up, but we ain't stealing it.
We ain't stealing it, man.
All right.
I guess I could get somebody else to steal it,  but you've gotta be there at 2:00 sharp or I'm fucked.
That's when the shift changes.
Can do 2:00.
I got you.
You gonna be there for me?
We got you, bro.
All right.
Thanks, boys.
We all split it, yeah?
Great job, everybody.
We're getting there.
This is so gross.
What the fuck does this have to do with hockey?
Actually this has everything to do with hockey, okay?
This is about the... the business side of things,  and managing your money, that sort of shit.
Do you know how many professional hockey players go bankrupt?
Do you?
Do you?
I doubt it.
Actually I do, you little snot, but I was asking you guys if you knew.
All right, I'm done shovelling this stuff for $1 an hour.
Yeah, fuck this.
This is bullshit.
Actually, it's not bullshit, it's cow shit there, dickhead.
This is how it's gonna be, is it?
Let me tell you this.
We're not leaving here till that is full.
If the farmer that owns this place comes back and catches us doing this,  he's gonna shoot at us.
He already shot me twice.
Are you serious?
We could get shot?
That's crazy!
Yeah, it is crazy.
So let's get this done fast so we can get the fuck out of here!
I'm scared.
I do not wanna get shot.
Okay, listen.
I didn't mean that.
No one's gonna get shot.
I was kind of joking.
If he does come back, we're fine.
I've got this.
Oh, my God.
Is that a real gun?
Yeah, but it's just to protect us.
Don't freak out.
Okay, let's pick up the pace, team.
Great idea.
Yeah, let's do this.
Oh, for fuck's sakes.
Quit your whining.
Get that little mini-shovel and get as much dirt in there as you fucking can!
I don't know.
This is a tough call.
I mean...
What's the story on this lamp?
This is really nice.
Yeah, well, it's my favourite.
I actually have one in my office.
Oh, no way.
If you'd like to see it in a more... intimate setting.
This is tough though, 'cause I like this one as well. this one's got a... like, a thinner base.
This is a bigger base.
I actually would like to show you...
No, no, I...
This is the one here or this is the one.
I mean, I've gotta pick one of these.
They're both pretty expensive though, right?
Well, you get what you pay for...
...as they say.
I mean, you know, we could maybe discuss the uh... possibility of a discount arrangement, if you're interested.
Copy that.
Let me see.
Since I'm a guy,  you know, I'm horrible at this stuff.
I don't know.
Big base?
Little base?
Big base?
Little base?
I always go for a bigger base.
Is the room quite small?
Sometimes a small base is...
Okay, you know what?
I can't decide.
This is isn't gonna happen today.
I'm sorry.
I apologize.
I'm gonna go check your locks and stuff out back.
Maybe we'll discuss this some other time.
All right?
Thank you.
You know what?
You're hot.
Just had to say that, get that out there.
All right.
Talk to you.
If you need me, I've got a walkie right here.
Call me anytime.
What the fuck...
What are you fucking boneheads doing?
I don't know, man...
How did you manage this?
You guys are fucking dumb, you know that?
You're fucking dumb!
Oh, fuck...
Jeez, turn around!
Jesus Christ.
What the fuck is that still doing here?
Well, dude, with the tangling and the screaming  and everything else going on...
And T's not even here, dude.
Just say that.
So, nothing is my fault.
We could probably push it back  to the trailer for you, Julian.
It might take a while though.
Come on.
Come on.
Answer the fucking phone.
T, man, why the fuck do you guys all have your cellphones turned off?
Come on, T!
I was counting on you guys.
Do you know how much bullshit this is creating for me right now?
You better not be sitting around  smoking that weed I gave you guys.
That was for payment!
You guys are getting fucked up, aren't you? fuck's sakes, man.
I want my weed back!
Keep going, keep going...
Okay, good!
Perfect, little buddy.
Holy fuck, it's hot out today.
Why do you use so many bad words?
They're just words.
What makes them fucking bad?
Good fucking point.
How is that not stealing?
I thought the rule was you can't steal from trailer parks.
You can't steal from this trailer park.
Other trailer parks are fair game.
At Crescent Heights, they stole a bunch of our residents.
It's only fair we take a bit of their trailer security.
That's not stealing, that's called being fair.
That's still stealing.
Have you ever been tested  -for a learning disorder?
Have you ever been tested for being a dick?
That's enough.
Hey, Julian.
I can't bring it there right now, man, I'm still using it.
What kind of fucking emergency?
Oh, for fuck's sakes.
All right, I'll do it for 100 bucks,  but you're gonna owe me.
I'll be right there.
What the fuck.
Ricky, what in the flying fuck did you do?
What'd you mean?
Give me the keys!
I can't.
I'm still using it.
Oh, my fuck!
Ricky, my poor little truck.
You ruined it!
Ruined it?
It's not ruined.
It's full of poop!
Did I not say this morning I need to borrow your truck  to pick up all this shit I need for this job?
Did I not say that?
Well, yes, technically, Ricky.
But I didn't know you meant literal shit!
Oh, my fuck!
Look at my poor truck, the poop's seeping right into the wood.
It's ruined.
It's just a bit of cow manure.
It washes off.
When you fall in a pile of shit,  you have a shower, clean it up.
I'll get the kids to clean it.
I'm not cleaning that fucking thing.
Me neither.
Ricky, empty it out right now.
I'm taking it.
I can't, Julian hired me for a job and I need to use it for that.
It's my truck!
I know, did you not also say this:  I'm in charge of the truck until I give it back?
You said, "You're in charge until you give it back." Right?
I said it, but I was being sarcastic.
Since you take everything literally, listen to my fucking words, Ricky.
I want the truck back by the end of the day,  shit-free, smelling like 1,000 fucking roses.
Oh, yeah, like I can afford 1,000 roses.
Jesus Christ.
All right, kids, stop what you're doing.
Pile in the back of the truck.
We've gotta go help Julian.
Step on the tarp so you don't get shit on you.
Hang on tight.
We'll be going on the highway.
Randy, could we please just go to the pick-up window?
We already missed two races  from your goddamned un-decisiveness.
I just can't decide between Pineapple Cream,  Rainbow Unicorn or Flipsy-Flopsy, Mr.
Randy, all three of those horses are losers.
It's Muscle Beach or Gladiator Stance, I'm telling you!
Go ahead, you can bet on those horses.
Lose your tomorrow money, Mr.
I don't care.
All right, I will.
Excuse me.
I'd like to place a bet on Gladiator Stance to place, pretty please.
Thank you.
I just can't decide between these three.
They all sound so yummy.
Well, you can bet on all three of them in a trifecta, if you want,  and they can finish in any order.
I didn't know that.
That sounds great.
I'll do it.
Well, Randy, bidding on th-three long shots... to come first, second, or third,  that's the stupidest bet that anyone can ever make in their life.
Use your goddamn head, bud!
I like betting on the underdog, Mr.
Why do you think I've been with you?
Okay, careful, girls, don't get any shit smears on the sofa.
Jesus Christ, Ricky, I told you this stuff was gonna stink.
What the fuck you talking about?
It smells fine.
It doesn't smell fine.
Well, lookie, lookie, lookie!
I notice I still don't have a bathroom, you moronic fucking cuckoo bird.
I told you, I'm waiting on supplies!
I'm fucking... it'll get done, I promise!
Well, that's very good,  because until that time, I will be using your facilities.
Oh, and I've got the worst diarrhea.
You better use some spray or light a match this time!
It's fucking disgusting.
Are you guys fucking joking?
Are you joking right now?
Now, let me guess.
There's still shit in the truck.
Yeah, still a big pile of shit. shit on my fucking brake pedal, my gas pedal, and the steering wheel.
What the fuck is wrong with you guys?
It's fucking fine!
You got a good sniffer on you.
Give that a sniff.
Tell me if it smells like shit to you.
I don't need to give that a sniff.
I'll tell you right now, unequivocally, that, yes, it does smell like shit.
And where'd you get the money to buy all this, Julian?
Let me guess.
I get an employee discount down at the mall, Bubs.
You get an employee di...
At the whole fucking mall, do you?
An employee discount.
Do you feel that in the air, boys?
Do you feel that?
You know what that is?
It's disappointment!
That's all I feel for you guys.
Every time.
Oh, fuck off, Ricky.
My fuck, Ricky, there's a huge shit smear right on my fucking armrest!
You kidding me?
Just get a can of the breeze,  -it'll fucking make that as good as new.
How's it gonna take the stain out?
It's what the breeze does.
It fucking goes in and blows it fucking... way over there somewhere.
Hey, babe!
Hey, sweetheart.
How was hockey camp today?
We're not doing hockey stuff.
We're helping Julian move stolen furniture.
Ricky's paying us $1 each.
That's right.
That's what you've been doing today?
No, we were shovelling shit under trailers earlier,  -but we got paid for that too.
That's right, buddy.
Fuckin' serious?
What the fuck?
Well, hold on a second!
I was teaching them some other stuff.
About building muscles and money and...
...different stuff like that.
You are so full of shit, Ricky.
You're full of shit!
Get in the car, Brendan.
I'm not gonna tell you again.
All right.
Stop fucking raging.
My God, mind your fucking mouth!
Does this mean you aren't fucking staying tonight?
No, I guess not, Rick.
He's fucking not going anywhere.
I'm not done shovelling shit.
I need all hands on deck.
Well, his hands are going home.
Get in the car, Brendan!
Get in the car!
We are so fucking done, Ricky.
We are fucking done!
Are you fucking kidding me right now?
Go fuck yourself then.
If you're gonna break up with me again  over a bit of stolen furniture and a pile of shit that got shovelled,  then go fuck yourself!
This was never true love, was it?
And I'm looking for true fucking love!
So get the fuck out of here then!
Well, good luck to you, you fucking dork!
For fuck's sakes.
God, I'm glad she's not my mother.
Alright, grab your shovels, kids, we're gonna have to fucking pick up the pace.
You're gonna have to dig a little deeper to make up for Brendan.
Good news: I'm gonna let you split Brendan's dollar, all right?
Come on, baby.
Come on, baby.
Who's that?
That's one of yours, Randy.
Look, that's one of...
That's one...!
That's one...!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
I don't believe it, Randy!
I don't fucking believe it!
You won, bud!
You won!
You won!
What are you so excited for?
Your horse came dead last, Mr. Lahey.
Well, Randy, I don't think you understand.
You picked the trifecta, bud!
We're rich!
Oh, that was my money and my bets.
There's no "we're" anything.
And you owe me 100 bucks for tomorrow.
Okay, sorry, Randy.
You're right, absolutely right.
Congratulations, big guy.
You know, something I've never been able to say to you  in all these years, Randy:  you're a winner.
You're my little wiener.
Thanks, Mr. Lahey.
I really like coming down here and spending time with you.
And they feed me like a king.
If I win a little bit more money, Mr. Lahey,  I'm hiring that Assistant Assistant Trailer Park Supervisor.
Randy, what are you talking about?
You already won $2,500.
You hit an almost impossible trifecta, bud.
I'm hiring the Assistant Assistant then, Mr. Lahey!
My trifecta triple-decker smoked meat Rand-wich.
Let's go collect your winnings.
All right.
Here, let's go.
We're winners, folks!
Make sure you get in all the cracks too or Bubbles will be whining.
You know what he's fucking like.
Nice job, everybody.
This is what an honest, hard day's work feels like.
You worked really hard, so guess what?
With Brendan's money, you each get $5.
That's ridiculous.
We worked for eight hours!
That's less than a dollar an hour.
It's pretty fucking good, if you ask me, but anyway...
Ricky, it's true?
You are actually putting cow manure under the trailers?
Have you lost your mind?
Mrs. Johnson is livid. she's threatening to sue the park.
Does she want to sue the park, or the rats to stop eating her fucking wires?
The old man used to do this.
There's nothing cheaper,  -nothing works better than cow shit.
Oh, gosh, I see.
So this was one of Ray's techniques?
So, I'm sorry to tell you this, Ricky,  but, in fact, your father was probably one of the stupidest people on the planet.
Oh, is that right?
I'm sorry, but that is right.
So what I want, Ricky, is I want a...
I want a solution to the problem, a real solution, and I want it now!
No problem.
You want a solution right now?
How about go fuck yourself and deal with that by yourself?
How's that for a fucking solution?
Oh, my fuck.
Kids, I'm sorry that Barb's being a crusty bitch!
Because she's being a crusty bitch and now I have no work,  I'm gonna have to take that $5 back.
I'm sorry.
No way. fuck that.
No fucking way, Ricky.
I need the money.
Run for it! fuck you!
You fucking prick! fuck you, Ricky!
You little fuckers!
The fuck is wrong with kids these days? fuck you, Ricky! fuck you!
For fuck's sakes.
I'm so excited to show this to you.
Right on.
Yes, I am.
Come on.
Hey, Bubs, come check out my new place, man.
Oh, come on, don't be like that, Bubs.
Sorry, Sarah, did you say something in a deep, muscular voice?
Sort of in a tone you might hear a gigantic dickhead say it in?
For fuck's sakes.
Look, he'll get over it, okay?
Let's go.
Come on.
My eyes are closed.
Okay, wait.
Shoes off, please.
Take your fucking shoes off.
What are you, animals?
Okay, ready?
All right, I'm ready.
Holy fuck!
Are you kidding me?
Jesus Christ, Sarah!
It's like an MTV Cribs episode here.
This looks just like P.
Diddy's place.
Thank you.
Look at the sofa, it's perfect here.
I got the shit smell out of it.
Oh, right on. can you use a coaster, please?
I don't use coasters.
Well, you do now.
Julian, you wanted me to make your place look nice,  and it looks fucking great, right?
It looks beautiful.
Well, if you want it to stay like this,  you're gonna have to make some changes.
Well, here goes nothing.
Can I help you?
Look, I'm sorry I fucking told you to go fuck yourself.
Well, what's new?
I also sort of later on, I screamed out  that you were a nasty, evil, crusty whore bitch from hell.
Well, I didn't know about that.
Well, I did and I'm sorry.
I was wondering if you would let me keep the job.
No, it's done.
I can't deal with the tenants complaining about the... about the smell all the time.
I mean, look, I called around.
I know that you do it cheaper than anybody else around here will,  but I can't ask the residents of Sunnyvale to deal with manure under their... under their trailers.
Let me convince the residents.
I mean, shit is the best solution.
They just need to realize  that the smell's only going to last three, four weeks tops.
That's not that bad!
Oh, Ricky...
All right, look...
I don't know.
I really, really need this fucking job right now, okay?
I've got no money, Susan just fucking dumped me, and I'm at the lowest I've been  in a long, long time.
Oh, well, I'm...
I'm sorry to hear about Susan.
I didn't...
And I mean, I...
I can...
I can relate.
I-I'm not feeling any too great myself these days. why don't you come inside for a drink?
If you can show me one or... two or... three good reasons  why I should let you keep your job,  then... maybe I'll reconsider.
All right, let's get this going.
Where and how do you want me? goddamn fucking bastards!
What the hell, Ricky?
You were supposed to be fixing this goddamn bathroom, not these two... fucking brained ass-clowns!
Look at what they've done!
Oh, I'm gone two hours,  I come back and find it twice as bad as it was!
Jesus H.
What the fuck, boys?
What the fuck actually goes on in your fucking heads?
When I said to tap into the kitchen sink  and run the fucking new water lines to the bathroom,  I assume you two fucktards would run them under the trailers!
What the fuck is this?
How the fuck did you think this would be okay?
Carpet, dude.
Clean this the fuck up, get the fuck under the trailer  and run the lines properly.
But there's cow shit down there.
I don't fucking give a fuck.
Get it done!
Marguerite, I'm sorry.
Even I didn't know they were this fucking dumb.
Wow, boys!
Well, you should've asked me.
I knew.
Let's go, Ricky.
We're gonna be late for the visitation.
All right...
I'll be back in a bit.
We're gonna have this fucking finished by tonight, I promise.
I'll believe that when I see it, dick flap!
Here, Julian.
Conway Kitty was sleeping on the back of it,  but I got it all cleaned and pressed.
All right.
Thanks, man.
Now, when you wear it, make sure you button it up properly.
Okay, I'll do that.
Judges like a nice, clean appearance.
All right.
We are gonna light it  the fuck up tonight, man!
Right after court.
You're fucking right.
Boys, I've got to get the fuck out of here.
It's nothing the way it used to be in here, I'm telling you.
It's all changed.
I mean, there's barely any booze.
There's a bunch of punks running around  all fucking jacked up on pills and steroids,  and not to mention the new guards in here that are a bunch of dicks!
What the fuck, man?
That sucks.
Still some good weed and hash though?
Yeah, there's a bit, but it's fucking expensive.
But enough whining about me.
How the fuck are you guys doing?
I've been fucking great, man.
I finished the contract at the park for Barb,  made a little money, fucking bought a car.
It's badass.
I'm getting Marguerite's bathroom back.
She'll stop sh1tting and showering in my fucking trailer.
Good for you, man, good for you.
What about you, Bubs?
I'm just concentrating on the beer, Julian, laying low.
The whole helicopter thing is over.
They're not looking at it anymore.
And Steve Rogers is doing a lot better.
I went to the hospital, brought him flowers.
He doesn't suspect anything.
Bubs, why would you go do something stupid like that?
What the...
Are you kidding me?
That's stupid!
You're just fucking begging  to get fucking caught and thrown in jail.
Sorry, sorry!
Yeah, give me more advice,  Mr. I'm-sitting-in-fucking-jail-  for-running-a-crime-ring-at-the-mall- involving-children.
Yes, bestow your knowledge on me.
I said I was sorry for that, okay?
I got greedy, man.
I was dumb.
But I'm gonna get my shit together, okay?
I promise you that.
I've just got to get the fuck out of here and get some real booze into me.
What's the news?
We have a serious fucking problem.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You said you had this all figured out.
"Slam-dunker," you called it.
Yeah, I did.
I had a deal with the prosecutor.
A buddy of mine, owed me a favour.
Then the stupid bastard goes and gets arrested yesterday.
Cocaine charges.
Oh, my fuck!
Now the new prosecutor's apparently a real hard-ass,  a hungry up-and-coming bitch.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
The slimy... dragon queen  is gonna go for the maximum: five to seven years.
Five to seven y...
Are you fucking kidding me?
Yeah, well, I hate to say this,  -but my advice to you is to plead guilty.
I could probably get it down to two or three... you know, out in a year on good behaviour.
It's better than fucking seven.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
He's talking about years, Ricky, not months!
Two to three fucking...
That can't happen.
That can't happen.
There's got to be another fucking way.
Okay, okay, okay.
I've got an idea,  and it's a long shot.
Longer than Huey Lewis's cock.
You gotta get the mall security manager to lie in court.
Getting this case thrown out is the only way  Julian is not gonna go to jail today.
Now, if we go that angle, it's gonna be another eight... no, let's say five grand for me, okay?
Now, trials are not cheap.
But, frankly... don't you think it's important that we get our fellow out of here?
Would you cut that bullshit?
All right.
Nobody's buying your fucking tears.
There's gotta be some other way to...
So you're saying we've got to do a bunch more illegal stuff  -to deal with this fucking illegal...
Bubs, listen.
We've got to fucking try, don't we?
We've got to fucking try.
Rick, go see Lahey.
See what money you can get from him, okay?
Whatever you can get, man.
He owes us big time, man.
I'll do it...
Whatever the fuck it takes, me and Bubbles will do it.
You're not going to fucking jail today.
Right on.
Thanks, boys.
Right on.
Two grand.
Two grand?
For lying in court?
You're asking for perjury!
Three grand, and you can take him in the back room  -and do whatever you want.
No fucking way!
Five grand.
Five Gs, and Bubbles has to grease  the wheels on every fucking cart in the mall!
Oh, yeah, just... that's a $480 value!
That's the deal.
For fuck's sakes, fine.
Done deal.
Meet you outside the courthouse before the trial. fucking prick!
Ricky, we can't do this.
Between him and Steinberg, now we're at 10 fucking grand.
I know, but it's less than a million.
It is, isn't it?
Where the fuck is Lahey?
None of your frigging business, Ricky.
Is that right?
Where is he, bacon clit?
Where is he?
What the hell's going on out here?
Julian said that you owe him a lot of money,  so let's go with the fucking money right now.
What the hell are you talking about, Rickles?
It's for Julian.
We need it to get him out of jail.
Let's go.
If we don't help him, he's gonna do five to seven fucking years.
Let's go with some fucking money right now or I spray this whole deck with piss.
Unfortunately, Ricky, you are too late.
Mr. Lahey lost all of our frigging money.
He went to the track  while I was in the shower getting cleaned up,  and he went and lost it all!
It's true, Mr. Lahey.
Yeah, well, whether it's true or not...
I don't wanna see Julian go to that shit hole for seven years.
Listen, Randy's right.
We don't have any fucking money.
I-I've maxed out my credit cards  and I don't have a fucking penny to my name!
You heard them.
Now get the fuck out of here.
And if you guys are smart,  you'll forget all about your friend Julian.
Let him rot in jail where he belongs.
Why don't you shut your pie hole, there, penis nose?
Let me promise you this: we're gonna have 10 grand  by the time he gets to court.
We're gonna get him out.
When that happens, he's gonna come back here, make all your fucking lives  a living, fucking hell.
I can't wait to see that, boys.
And you got a shitty beard.
Ooh, tough.
What if they do raise the money and get him out of a jail?
Our lives could be fucked, Mr.
Oh, relax, Randy.
As if those shitiots could come up with 10 grand today.
This has always been your downfall.
Always underestimate those guys, always end up getting fucked.
Well, I guess you better do something about it then,  eh, Georgie porgy, pudding-y pie?
Already on it.
Attention, attention.
Everyone in Sunnyvale, we have a major fucking situation on our hands.
Julian could be going to jail for seven fucking years  unless we can come up with $10,000 in the next few hours.
We need fucking donations of money or shit we can pawn for money.
Let's go, people!
We've got to fucking pull together here.
We will take furniture, electronics, fucking jewellery.
Cash money's always good.
Anything we can pawn for...
Hold on a sec, Bubs.
Here comes some shit.
I'm not sure what the fuck it is.
Thank you very much.
We will take hockey gear, fishing rods,  -anything we can fucking pawn for money.
Attention, attention.
Cash definitely.
People of Sunnyvale, our beloved Julian, sexiest man in Sunnyvale,  is fucking gonna go to jail for seven fucking years  unless we come up with $10,000 in the next few hours.
We need your fucking donations.
Thanks for all your fucking help,  all you cheap motherfuckers!
You couldn't give a shit?
Remember this next time you fucking need our help!
Man, most of this stuff is garbage.
It ain't worth shit.
I know it's not.
Except somebody donated a bunch of sex toys.
Maybe it was Marguerite.
It was Marguerite, but it's not worth anything.
Man, there's no way we're gonna be able to make enough.
There's, like, $100 worth of shit here if we're lucky.
Well, you know what?
There's only one other choice.
Trin, go in the trailer, get all my masks, four or five guns.
We're gonna have to fucking rob a bank or somewhere with a lot of money.
Dad, what the fuck?
You are not robbing a fucking bank.
What other choice do we have right now, Trin?
Ricky, please, please.
The last thing I fucking need is my other best friend in jail.
Please, we're not robbing a bank.
There's got to be something.
Seriously, man.
Think about what you're saying, Rick.
Come on, man.
All right.
What the hell are we gonna do then, huh?
Because this shit right here...
This shit ain't gonna fucking cut it, is it?
We're fucked!
We fucking blew it.
Ricky, just calm down.
Don't smash the stuff we do have! shit, you guys.
Check it out.
Hang on, boys.
Come on, everybody!
This is all we could get together, guys, but thank you so much  for what you're doing for Julian.
Pile it up there, everybody.
Thank you.
I notice you don't have anything.
I just came to see what you got.
Yeah, we're gonna need that.
Oh, for Jesus' sake!
Take it.
Will you take this fucking thing  before I change my fucking mind?
Calm down.
You don't have to give it away.
Lost the fucking remote anyway!
Well, thanks. fucking lunatic.
Holy fuck, Ricky.
We're not dead yet!
I've got to say I'm pretty blown away.
You know, everybody back at the park rallying together for me...
It kind of brings a tear to my eyes.
Holy fuck.
I've got to get the fuck out of here.
This place is full of guys like this.
They're all a bunch of idiots.
Like, what do you want?
What the f...?
Which is a shame, it used to be so cool in here.
Now it's just full of a bunch of dicks.
Are you fucking kidding me, Jimmy?
We hate dealing with the pawn shop owner.
He is a fucking son of a whore,  but it's the only game in town, unfortunately,  so we've got no fucking choice.
What are you doing getting out the passenger door?
You know what?
Force of habitat...
Jesus Christ!
Are you fucking kidding me?
Oh, my Jesus Murphy!
Oh, my Jesus Murphy!
What the fuck happened out here?
Sorry about this.
This was an accident.
It wasn't supposed to happen.
Look, we've got a big load of merchandise here, coming in,  giving you the fucking dibs on it.
Look, we got all this, everything in the vehicles here.
We wanted to show it to you.
You wanna sell or you wanna pawn?
No, we are looking to sell everything at once.
One big sale.
All right, all right.
Hey, let me see what my pet orca thinks.
Give me a number.
There's a lot of nice merchandise here.
About 15... and a bucket of chicken?
Exactly what I was thinking.
Hey, who knew whales could add, right?
I heard that.
Listen, you Don Corleone motherfucker!
I've had just about enough of your bullying!
I fucking complimented you!
I said you were good in arithmetic.
Excuse me, that better not be a fucking real kitty you're holding there.
Don't worry, it's not a real kitty.
If I gave him a real kitty,  -he'd fucking eat it.
Okay, whoa, whoa...
15 what?
15 grand for the whole shooting match, like he fucking just said.
15 grand!
Oh, my God, Ricky!
We did it, Bubs!
We did it!
Yeah, well, hang on.
Listen, I've got to run numbers on all these vehicles, all right?
If they clear...
15 Gs, cash.
Run num...
No, no, wait a second.
No, the vehicles aren't part of the deal.
Just the merchandise in the vehicles.
This swill?
Can we still do 15?
I was gonna pay you to fuckin' take it.
A G note for all of it.
That's it.
A grand?
For all this?
Are you kidding me?
That stuff's worth way more than a grand!
Well, then fucking keep it then.
The vehicles or fuck off.
Most of these fucking people, they drive me fucking crazy, okay.
They come in with shit, they think it's worth three times more than it is  because it's got sentimental value.
Like, "Oooh, that belonged to my grandmother!"  Well, you know what? fuck you and fuck Grandma.
Dig her up and fuck her too.
I can't do the 15 Gs.
The Caddy came back as stolen from Quebec.
And this piece of shit:  who wants a three-door sedan?
All right?
It's fucking still nice.
The other three, I'll go nine grand.
That's it.
We can't take nine grand, we have to get at least to 10 grand.
I mean that Fiero alone, that thing was a fucking official pace car  at the Riverside Speedway in Antigonish.
It's got the upgraded suspension  and Richard Petty's cousin signed the dash.
I forgot to mention that.
All right!
All right!
Stop your crying, will you?
You're gonna fog up those candy dishes in your fucking head.
You're telling me that that was a real pace car?
That was a pace car at Riverside, I promise you.
All right.
You're lucky I'm in a good fucking mood.
And it better be a fucking pace car.
It is.
The paperwork's in the glove compartment.
10 Gs it is.
Shamu,  get everything logged in and tagged.
All right?
Or I'll tape your blow hole shut, so help me.
Ricky, can you go finalize everything?
I need to say goodbye to Guy Fierio  and my LGBT.
Your what?
My Little Green Bastard Truck.
Sorry, buddy.
Julian better fucking appreciate this.
I guess this is it, little buddy.
I know it sucks, buddy, but they're just cars.
It's a good thing we're doing here.
I know, Ricky, but my dream car!
My dream car, gone.
My perfect little truck gone. fucking Julian better appreciate this.
He will, buddy.
I mean...
We'll get your cars back.
If we don't, we'll get you something just as nice.
No, Ricky, it's just like...
What the...
Are you fucked in the head?
Watch where you're going, you blind bastard! fuck, Ricky, he's got a mask.
Give me your fucking money...
Not a fucking chance!
I'll blow your fucking heads off!
Jesus Christ!
You think I'm fucking around?
No, Bubbles, no!
Here, here!
Are you shot, Ricky?
Oh, my fuck!
Nice suit.
Thank you.
You look fantastic.
Thank you.
What are you doing here?
Uh, I'm the Crown prosecutor.
Wow, good for you!
Thanks, thanks.
Good going.
See things haven't changed much for you, huh?
It's not what it sounds like.
I'm taking the fall for some kids.
You get a record when you're a kid, your life's ruined, you know?
I know that.
Got it.
So you're just... innocent  and you're covering for the kids  who have all signed written statements to the contrary.
Yeah, I told them to do it.
They're a great bunch of kids.
They just need some guidance. not that I need it, but... do you think you could go a little easier on me now that you know the deal?
You know, five to seven is fucked.
You know what, Julian,  you should have made some choices and grown up, like I did.
You know, I worked my ass off to get where I am today,  so I take my job really seriously.
Good luck in there.
Thank you.
You'll need it.
There goes the dragon queen, but don't worry about it.
Are you ready to do this, big boy?
Everything in place with Gary?
I hope so.
I haven't heard anything different, man.
Got it.
You got my money?
I'm assuming so, man, but I don't know where the fuck those guys are.
All right.
Well, look, I'll wait for them.
You should head on in.
It's better for me to be late than you.
All right.
Oh, uh, ba-ba-ba-ba!
You look great.
Piece of cake!
Gonna win!
All right.
All right, get in there.
You fellas need an attorney?
Ahh, fuck...
Ricky, you're gonna get a parking ticket, parking like that.
Ah, fuck!
Just wait, just wait, Ricky, just wait.
Come on, Bubs, we've gotta go!
Don't think I can do it.
Julian's fucked, Ricky!
I can't go in there and just watch him go to jail forever.
I just can't do it.
I'm too nervous. fucking wait here then.
We've got to get in there. goddamn it!
Just go.
Ah, fuck!
Jesus Hubert Christ!
What the hell happened to you, buddy?
We had the fucking 10 grand  and this cock-sucking crack whore's bastard child fucking robbed us  at gunpoint, took the money, and made me shoot myself in the leg.
You don't have my money?
We're fucking good for it.
Gonna take us more time to come up with it.
Yeah, but you did pay Gary though, right?
But we'll fucking pay him.
It's all good.
Yeah, great.
Well, that's the end of it.
People who commit perjury don't take IOUs.
And given the updated situation, neither do I.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Look, Julian is fucked,  which means I don't get paid,  which means I'm the hell outta here.
Look, if you...
If you need something  in the next five to seven years, give me a jangle. fuck that!
Where the fuck do I even go?
In the courtroom, ass-hat!
Ah, fuck.
Hey, what the fuck's up?
Thank fuck.
What the hell happened?
I got fucking shot.
Some dick-less, shit-blooded cock bandit fucking robbed us,  took all the money.
You're fucked, man, I'm sorry.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
Where the hell's Steinberg?
He's got to get...
...get them to fucking delay this trial.
Yeah, about that.
Don't think it's gonna happen.
He just fucking quit because we didn't have his fucking money.
Is that Candy over there?
She smart?
We're fucked.
All rise.
The Honourable Judge Ticklebury presiding.
Be seated.
Will the defendant and his counsel please rise?
Uh, Your Honour, sir, uh... my lawyer just quit on me for some unknown reason.
So you have no representation?
Well, I did, but now he's-- -But now you don't.
So you have no representation, correct?
Uh, correct, but can I motion that thingy forth  to maybe delay this until I get another lawyer, please?
Your Honour, this is a ploy to delay the trial  because it's an open and shut case.
You know, the evidence against the defendant is overwhelming  and it's a complete waste of the court's time.
Duly noted, counsel.
Thank you.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Waste of time?
That lying sack of fucking human dog shit right there  is the only evidence they have, and he is fucked!
Look at him, he can't...
You watch your mouth in my courtroom, sir.
Yeah, okay.
What the fuck ever.
Excuse me?
And who exactly are you?
And what are you doing in this courtroom?
And why are you seated next to the defendant?
Actually, as of right now,  I'm representing my friend Julian here, okay?
My name is Ricky LaFleur and I've been around courtrooms enough to know  -what the fuck is what.
Better watch your language, son.
I won't tolerate it.
And what is that stuck to your leg?
Are you bleeding?
Actually I am.
Pretty fucking badly.
I'm in a lot of pain.
I got shot less than 10 minutes ago  by someone that that fucking asshole hired right there  'cause he knew I was gonna talk at the trial and fuck everything up.
I'm sorry, what... what are you insinuating?
Oh, my God, please. fuck off with the big fancy judgey type words.
I don't understand them.
Nobody does.
So you can stop showing off  with your mastering of the Eng-a-lish language.
Nobody's impressed.
Final warning.
I'll find you in contempt.
You do know what the word contempt means?
Yeah, I certainly do.
I've been fined for fucking contempt many times,  I'm not afraid to get fined for it again.
I'm just trying to save a fucking completely innocent man here  from going to jail.
He was fucking framed!
Objection, Your Honour...
This is insane.
You can't let this mockery of our justice system continue, sir.
It's not a fucking mocklery, so fuck off with that shit...
You know what?
I'm sorry.
Listen, it's really, really fucking hard for me to talk without swearing.
That's the way most normal people talk.
They swear.
I'm sure you swear when you're not wearing that weird little robe, but anyway...
My friend Julian here  was working at the mall doing security, okay,  when dick flapper over here decides to go on some trip  to get fucking learnt on something, supposedly,  and while he's gone, Julian has this great idea.
He sets up this undercover sting operation to catch shoplifters.
And when sour-cream-glazed dick nuts here returned,  he was so fucking jealous 'cause Julian kicked ass and did such a good job,  he was actually really scared.
He was afraid that he was gonna lose his fucking job  and get replaced by Julian.
So, in his mind, his only option is to fucking frame Julian for shoplifting.
The only way he could save his career, his living-hood.
So that's what he fucking did.
You are a terrible person, Gary.
Shame on you, sir!
Oh, yeah?
You fucking liar!
I've got it on tape, for fuck's sake!
What is wrong with you people?
Are you all atheists?
This is a provincial fucking courtroom, for f...!
It's not that easy, is it?
Our apologies, your lordship, on our end.
The only reason you have Julian on tape, pretending to fucking steal,  is 'cause he was deep, deep undercover.
You stupidy-stupid, dumb dummy!
If you'd just bothered to fucking ask him  before you called the cops, you would have known that!
But you know what, Gary?
Right now I wanna talk about another fact.
I wanna talk about the fact that you tried to blackmail us  into paying you five fucking thousand dollars,  and... this is a nice one... he tried to make us  have a naked, candlelit, lemony-scented bubble bath with him  just so he would come clean and tell the fucking truth in court!
That is fucked.
What do you think about that there, Caesar-salad cock?
You want to fucking talk about those-- -[Ticklebury]
What in the name of Jesus Christ's earlobes is going on here?
Good question.
Counsel, approach the bench now, please.
Not you!
You and your potty mouth can stay put.
I'm just trying to figure out  how something like this could happen in such a perfect country.
Where the fuck are we right now, the West Koreas?
This is fucked!
Stop talking!
Now I'm serious.
All right.
No problem.
Sit down!
Right now?
Okay, I'm sitting, fuck.
Now, counsellor, can you please shed some light on all of this?
Are any of the accusations true against your only witness?
You know, blackmail, naked bubble baths?
What in the name of Moses' baby girl is going on here?
My apologies, Your Honour.
I received this case only yesterday  after the other Crown counsel was arrested, as I'm sure you've heard.
Yeah, I heard.
It was a shame.
I had a coke problem in my 50s.
It's a tough thing to shake.
Oh, yeah.
Speaking of cocaine...
You guys were just talking about cocaine there, I think.
Well, Gary here has a massive fucking cocaine problem.
Maybe you should talk about how you were stealing from the mall  to support your fucking habit, Gary.
Let's talk about that right now.
More fucking lies!
I-I was at an ashram. a coke ashram.
I'll fucking kill you!
Okay, seriously?
Death threats?
Seven days contempt of court! fuck you, Gary.
Anyone else want some?
I'm good.
So, Your Honour, I had literally five hours to prepare for this case,  so this is the first that I'm hearing about naked bubble baths and... and blackmail.
And cocaine.
There's the cocaine as well.
But your entire case revolves around the testimony  of this witness, does it not?
Yes, Your Honour.
So what do you have to say?
I guess I'm fucked on this one too, sir.
Yeah, I think you are.
I'm gonna walk over to my gavel and make a decision.
Thank you.
Clearly the Crown is not prepared to proceed, so I have no other option  but to declare the case dismissed.
You are a good fucking man there, Judge Ticklebury! fuck you, court!
What happened?
What happened?
Why did Steinberg leave?
He took off, man.
He defended me.
He was amazing.
He put on a clin...
He's the smartest man I know right there.
I've been saying that my whole fucking life.
Rick, I'll never forget this, buddy, thank you.
That was way too close, man.
I love you, buddy.
Love you too.
That was way too close.
There's no fucking way I was letting you go away for that long. fuck that!
Here, get over here, man.
Thank you, Bubs.
I love you too, buddy.
I love you too, Julian.
But now I hope you understand what the fuck I've been saying.
I thought you were gonna do hard time, Julian!
And I thought I was fucked for good that time,  and I've never felt that way before in my life.
That was scary.
Yeah, well, the crime and the bullshit, boys, it's fucking done!
That's it!
Final word.
That goes for you too, Ricky.
I'm never breaking the law again.
I'm good.
Hey, Julian. it is really freaky seeing you again.
Big time.
I'm really sorry that asshole tried to blackmail you.
It's all right.
Son of a bitch.
Drug addicts, you know?
The worst.
They're the worst.
Hey, here's my card.
You know, just in case.
Good to see you.
Yeah, good to see you too.
Good game.
That was fun.
Bubs, stop staring at her ass.
I wasn't...
You were staring right at her.
I looked at it and it's nice.
It is nice.
Very nice.
How can you sit there so composed and calm, Mr.
We're seriously frigged.
'Cause I'm not worried about it, Randy.
Well, you should be.
They raised the money, he's getting out.
Our lives are gonna be a complete living hell, I'm telling you.
Yeah, well, either way, it is what it is.
There's nothing we can do about it.
Randy, it's all predetermined.
We always do.
But how, sir?
Julian's gonna run all over us.
We're frigged!
No need to get your panties in a bunch, Randy.
Julian isn't going anywhere.
Not without this.
Holy sweet shit bags, Randers!
Nice work, George.
See Randy?
Fickle finger of fate's on our side, bud.
I've got a sneaking suspicion.
Why would you not take off with the money?
Randy and I wouldn't have been any of the wiser.
Well, I thought about it, Jim.
But where would that leave me once it was gone?
Dirty ex-cop that no one would hire, no friends, no place to live,  getting arrested the way I did  and leaving the department in utter disgrace...
Well, I've now walked in your shoes, Jim.
And I can honestly say I'm amazed you're still standing  and that you've managed to keep it together as much as you have.
Yeah, well. it was tough, George.
I have to admit it.
Ah, you always said I was the stupidest cop on the force.
The dumbest.
Well, you know what?
You were right, Jim.
I wish I could argue with you, George,  but I can't.
For God's sake, get the fuck off my property...
I'm so sorry...
Piss off, pervert!
Ricky, for God's sake,  will you get these hopped-up fuckheads the hell out of here?
Not only do I find them sleeping under my trailer,  but now they're behaving like they're from some other fucking planet!
I'm going down to your trailer to have one Olympian shit.
You know why?
I still do not have a fucking bathroom!
What the fuck is wrong with you ass-roosters?
Why the fuck do you not have the bathroom done yet?
How fucking high are you?
Where did you get the weed, boys?
It's not weed, dudio!
Follow this through here.
What the fuck?
Marguerite is growing mushrooms, dude!
It's so fucking rad!
It's not fucking Marguerite, you cock-dusters,  it's the fucking cow manure.
Oh, my fuck.
My fucking sweet glorious blizzard nipples!
Not a fucking word of this to anybody.
Not even Trin, Jacob, you got it?
Sometimes you are pretty fucking awesome.
Like Ron Cruise said, "Flow me the money!
Flow me the money!" Yes!
Oh, my God. fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Hey, Julian.
Where have you been?
I was just... running around, man.
Okay, well, I think this is the final tweak.
No way.
I think this is the final tweak right here.
I just want to make a toast  to the two best friends and the two best business partners  a guy could ever have.
Let this be the final one.
Here, Ricky.
Looks pretty clear, man.
Thanks, buddy.
Oh, it's clear.
It's clear as fuck.
It smells fucking good.
All right!
Let's try it out.
Come on, baby.
Come on, baby.
Holy fuck, that's smooth, man!
That is fucking delicious!
I've been workin' with Ricky and Julian non-stop on this beer  and I've gotta say it's been the greatest time of my life.
There's no illegal stuff, no fucking bullshit;  everybody's pulling their weight.
The boys actually kept their fucking word.
And I've never been more proud of them.
It's been really, really hard not breaking the law,  but we promised Bubbles we wouldn't and we're sticking to it.
Other than picking a few magic mushrooms under the trailers and...
...selling them for a bit of grocery money here and there,  I'm 100% on the straight of narrow.
And it feels really good not having secrets.
I mean, well, other than what I just told you guys,  but... just keep that to yourselves.
It's been actually pretty cool working for Bubs  and, you know, just sitting back and letting him run things for once.
I've been working as a sales rep,  and...
I don't mean to sound like I'm bragging or anything,  but I just locked in a deal with the Legion  to supply them with beer  for the provincial dart championship coming up.
That's 60 cases.
I mean, that's fucking massive for us.
And I did it.
To Julian, and to 60 cases!
Let this be the start of many more fucking deals to come! fuck yeah.
Way to go, Julian!
Boys, it's not just me, okay?
It's all of us.
We're a team.
We should probably fucking include Big Hawk in this too.
The guy you did the deal with,  that's his fucking name or is that a nickname?
It's his fucking nickname, obviously.
Well, it's a fucked name either way.
All right, to Big Hawk!
All right.
Big Hawk. fuck that is smooth.
That's like a...
Boys, speaking of names, I've been thinking about this  all fucking night, you know.
Check this out...
Freedom 35.
That's what the beer should be called.
No, think, boys.
It's something we've been trying to achieve our entire lives  and because of this fucking beer,  I think we're finally gonna make it this time.
It's perfect.
No, it's dumb.
It's a dumb fucking name.
It's not a dumb name, Ricky.
Dumb's not the word.
But, Julian, it's fucking huge decision.
So you know, maybe we should think about it,  get consensus amongst the board of directors.
It's actually kind of too late.
I think it's fucking perfect.
Here, check these out.
Holy fuck!
Those are nice.
That's the logo? check out this shirt, buddy.
We have uniforms, boys.
It's got my name on it!
I never had a shirt with my name on it before.
That's fucking badass.
You know what, Julian?
I do love it.
Thank you.
I think it's fucking perfect.
So do I.
Freedom 35, that's the name.
I love it!
If you guys like it, I guess, but, if it's gonna have a shitty name,  it's gonna have to have a fucking kick-ass fucking slogan.
I already thought of that.
Check this out:  "Freedom 35.
Drink the dream."  Oh yeah, that's really fucking catchy.
It's not...
It's not bad, Ricky.
But you know, Julian, I think slogans should... be a little more, you know, developed.
How about this?
"Freedom 35.
This is what freedom tastes like."  -Eh?
All right, okay...
That's gonna look good on the box.
No, they both fucking suck, actually.
You guys clearly know nothing about markeling.
Okay, what do you fucking think then, genius?
It's just got to be... simple and basic. all right.
"Freedom 35.
Drink our beer."  -It's kind of right on the nose.
Here, you're getting it on your uniform.
All over my new uniform!
All over my fucking joint!
Now it's gotta be laundered.
Do you like it hard or soft?
Hard or soft?
Would you fuck off?
Was that too much?
I'm just fucking around, Bubs.
I'm trying to fucking focus here.
Okay, no, I'm not gonna bug you.
It's all good.
Rick, put the beer cock down and stop fucking around, okay?
We've got a big day ahead of us.
We all need to be focused.
No shit!
Don't worry about me.
I'm fucking razor-focused, bud.
What's the plan, then?
We gotta get all the fucking shit done, boys!
Just to be clear again,  we've gotta go to Reggie's, pick up all the bottles,  -get back here, do all the bottling...
I know.
...all the labelling, and get to the Legion for 5:00  or else Big Hawk's gonna be pissed off, and so will I.
So let's get this done.
That's pretty much what I fucking said, Julian.
No, it isn't.
You all set, Bubs?
Just remember,  I've got no power steering, no power brakes.
Take it fucking easy.
We were able to buy my truck back from the pawn shop,  except the dirty cocksucker that runs the place  sold the goddamn engine out of it.
But, not a big deal.
You know, if the business keeps growing the way it has been,  I'll be able to put a brand new engine in it someday.
Here we go.
Ricky, Ricky!
Slow the fuck down...
All right, and we're off.
Randy, you've got to admit, bud, you've got a gift.
And I'm telling you, we go back to that track,  you use your old fucking noggin,  we're gonna win back all the money we lost, bud.
You lost the money.
We talked about this.
We're never going back to the track again.
If you go back to the track, you're gonna lose.
At the horses and me, Mr. Lahey.
I took the liberty of... making a few purchases, for the company.
I see.
We're gonna have to up the surveillance if we're gonna take those guys down.
Who said anything about taking those guys down?
Since Julian got out, they haven't even been frigging with us.
Am I missing something here?
Yeah, George, maybe you are missing something.
'Cause every time we kick the old shit hive,  the old fucking shit bees swarm the shit out of us.
George, we're really not interested.
Just let them make their beer.
Tell me you two don't actually believe  that all they're doing down there is making beer?
Please tell me you're not that stupid!
You're always talking about shit, Jim.
Why don't you wake the fuck up and smell it for once? goddamn idiots!
We've got a problem, Rands.
What the fuck is that?
I don't know, it's some kind of... robot thingy.
Hey, the Reg!
'Sup, buddy?
How you doing, you old ostrich fucker?
Please tell me  you are packing some of those fucking mushrooms, bro.
I got so fucked up on those things,  I could have sucked the cock off a crocodile.
What mushrooms are you talking about?
Must have got those from somebody else.
I haven't had 'shrooms in a fucking long time.
Like, years.
Think we can grab those fucking bottles?
We're in a bit of a rush, Reg.
No bottles.
Crushed the shit out of those bottles.
What the fuck do you mean?
Yeah, I was tripping on them 'shrooms, bro, and I...
I got on the old front-end loader and, uh... well, I was like a Tyrannosaurus rex fucking a goat up there.
Pretty much trashed the whole yard.
Oh, yeah?
Okay, so we're fucked then!
This is great.
Oh, you know... calm down, buddy.
I mean.
I feel slightly responsible here.
Why don't you go up to the recycling people?
They've got a shit-ton of bottles up there.
Jesus Christ, Reg, we were coming to you  because you said you'd front them and we'd get you back later.
This is fucking great, Julian!
This is great.
There's no way we can do this by 5:00 now!
We're fucked!
Hey, hey, calm down.
We can still do it on 5:00.
How, Ricky?
A fucking good, old-fashioned bottle drive, that's how.
I'll round up my hockey kids.
We can fucking do this.
Let's go, Julian.
Let's get it going.
Right now.
Let's go.
Bottle drive.
Ride with me.
We'll figure this out.
So dude, seriously.
You can get your hands on some of those mushrooms though?
I've got a shit-ton of them.
I've gotta keep it on the fucking down low.
I've got some guys.
We can move that shit, buddy.
Let's do a deal.
Come on.
I can't do it.
Like, it's... it's kind of like my retirement or whatever.
I can sell a little for some money when I need it, but...  I can't get into anything illegal.
I promised Bubbles.
Tiger teabaggin'...
Honk, honk!
I'm coming!
Let's go, Ricky!
You said bottle drive,  not bottle sit-in-the-fucking-junkyard- where-there's-no-bottles!
I get it.
'Cause your fucking crazy friend smashed them, high on mushrooms!
All right, look, if you change your mind, I got some Japanese.
They will pay top yen for this kind of good shit.
Don't forget that.
Top what?
Top yen, baby.
Top yen.
It's good yen.
Top yen?
Yen's good.
What's a top...
Top yen.
Yung chow yen.
Seriously, tiger teabaggin' fucker.
You know what "can't" means to Reggie?
It means "can."  [engine ignition]
All right kids, let's get some bottles.
And follow my leaf, let me do the talking,  'cause rich people are fucked.
How you doing, darling?
We're on a bottle drive,  trying to raise some money for these poor little girls.
They need braces.
Their teeth are fucked.
Got anything you can help us out with?
Please get off my property.
What the fuck?
Thanks for your cock-sucking support! fucking rich people.
They make me sick!
Hey, bud.
I'm just raising money for the kids.
Uh, do you got any empty beer bottles kicking around?
What about full ones?
You got any fucking booze here that you don't want?
Oh, for fuck's sakes! fuck off, then.
That sucks.
We're trying to get empty bottles,  not bottles of liquor.
Bubs, I didn't know this was gonna take so fucking long, okay?
Let's just move it on to the next house.
Let's go.
How's it going?
I'm just doing a little bottle drive, trying to get some empties.
We're actually trying to raise money for little Darren here.
He needs eyes.
They're falling out.
He caughtched a disease.
You got anything here?
No, sorry.
Can't help you.
This blows.
This isn't working.
I know, because everyone in this fucking neighbourhood  is a fucking asshole!
A full case!
Aren't you just a little angel sent from heaven.
Thank you, ma'am.
You have yourself a wonderful day.
All right.
Let's go.
You s... stupid son of a...
I'll just go grab a broom.
Sorry, it was an accident!
No, I didn't mean you.
I meant the box.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Sorry about that.
It's not a big deal.
Let's just... let's just go.
Let's just go.
How's it going?
Just on a little bottle drive here,  trying to raise some money for little Darren.
He needs a new heart, new lungs, new veins.
It's a mess.
My organs are totally fucked.
That's right.
Can you help us out?
What are you doing?
Oh, that's nice.
That's just fucking...
What the fuck is wrong  with the people in this fucking neighbourhood?
We got fuck all, Bubs.
How'd you guys make out?
Well, not good, Julian.
I mean, what are we gonna do here?
There's no way we're gonna get enough to bottle up 60 cases.
This neighbourhood sucks buffalo balls.
We could be screwed here.
It's a lot harder than it used to be.
Do any of your dads fucking drink a lot, kids?
My dad's an alcoholic, and both of my uncles are too!
They live with us.
Do you have a lot of empties there?
Yeah, the whole shed's full!
Oh, my God.
Ronnie, there's only one word right now that works for me to call you  and I'm not allowed to use that word anymore.
I'm gonna have to make up a new one.
Are you fucking de-tarded?
You can't say that.
It still means the same thing!
It means the same thing but it's not a bad word, right?
Well, then in that case, you're ducked in the head.
That means fucked in the head, dummy.
I know what it is.
Everybody shut the fuck up.
Get the fuck in the cars.
We're getting out of here.
My God, the language.
Where the fuck do you live, Ronnie?
Holy fuck, we did it boys, we did it. fucking rights, we did.
Look at all these fucking things.
There has to be enough here for 60 cases, isn't there?
Ricky, we could make 80 cases with the bottles here.
You had the fucking idea.
You saved the day, bud. fucking right, buddy.
No matter how fucked things get,  if you just use your brain, you can accomplish anything.
Just be careful, Ricky.
I got this.
Top of my game, buddy.
Jesus Murph...
Who the fuck built those steps all crooked?
You went down like the ten chocolate layer cakes guy from Sesame Street.
Are you all right?
A little dizzy though, boys.
And my fucking head feels like it's sweating all of a sudden for some reason.
Still got my fucking joint though.
Holy fuck.
That's fucking weird.
Why the fuck is my sweat red, boys?
I'm gonna have to go... take a piss or something.
Good job, Ronnie.
Keep 'em flowing.
Normally I wouldn't allow the kids  anywhere near the open liquor bottling stage like this.
But a lot of the bottles we got from Ronnie's place,  they're full of old cigarette butts  and loogies, even [whispering]
So I just thought it was better to just put Cory and Jacob on that station.
This beer's fucking delicious.
Jesus Murphy!
Can you guys not show that, please?
Maybe just cut that off?
We're gonna have to hurry up with this.
We're running out of time here.
Can you just hold still, please?
This isn't working.
It's still bleeding, Dad.
It's just a little cut.
Jacob, hurry the fuck up with the duct tape, would you?
Here, Ricky.
I don't think it's gonna stop the bleeding though.
It won't, Jacob.
Gonna have to borrow part of your shirt too, bud.
Good thinking, dude.
Well, if it isn't three of the most fucked people in the world!
Hey, Ricky!
Long time no fucking see, man.
What the fuck are you doing with that Band-Aid?
Just getting ready to ram it right up your ass.
Hey, word on the street, man, is you're... sitting on a shit-ton of 'shroomies.
Now, is that true?
Is that right?
Well, I'm standing as you can fucking see, so I guess it's not true, is it?
That's cute, man, but you see, Reggie told me.
He says you got a whole bunch.
We'd be real interested to take them off your hands,  -if you know what I mean.
No idea what you're talking about, bud.
Are you saying Reggie's a liar?
Is that what you're fucking saying here?
I said I don't know what the fuck he's talking about.
Call it whatever the fuck you want.
Look man,  will you just fucking listen to me for a second, all right?
Now Terry and Dennis here got a really good connection  back in J-A-fucking-pan, man, and we wanna make 'em happy.
So if you are sitting on a shit-ton of 'shroomies,  let's say it'd be in your best interest to work out a deal with us now.
How about this deal: get the fuck back in your car  and fuck the fuck off to wherever you fucked on from.
All right.
That's what we'll do.
No problem, man.
All right.
No problem at all.
It's very unfortunate for you,  but not a big fucking deal, Ricky.
What the fuck is that opposed to mean?
Unfortunate for me?
High-res surveillance.
This thing flies high enough that the boys are none the wiser.
I wish I had this fucking thing years ago, Randers! fuck, George, this is really impressive!
I think we can be pretty confident  that there's something illegal going on there.
Wouldn't you say, guys?
We don't know that for sure.
Plus we already told you that we're not interested if they are.
That's Tommy Rector, aka Tommy Bean, but...
I don't recognize the other two.
Well, I do.
That's Dennis and Terry.
Those are Cyrus' old shit buddies.
The last time they were in the park,  they shot it up real fucking good with machine guns.
Well, let's see where they're going, shall we? you can follow them out of the park?
Seven kilometre range, Jim.
I don't think we should be following them out of the park, Ge--  Randy!
Ricky, was that Tommy Bean?
And Dennis and Terry were with him too.
What the fuck did they want? fucking Reggie told them I had a shit-ton of mushrooms.
They were here to buy them.
All of them, one-shot deal.
What do you mean all of them?
I mean, you don't got any, right?
My fuck, Ricky!
All right, Julian,  I'm gonna be totally fucking honest with you.
Cory and Jacob managed to get their hands on a few, that I took,  and I've been selling just enough for grocery money for my family,  -which makes it not illegal.
Oh, for fuck's sakes, Ricky!
How many's a few?
All right, boys.
The last labels are just going on.
Let's get these dirty whores on the truck and get the fuck to the Legion.
Bubbles is gonna lose his goddamn fucking mind!
Don't tell him.
"Don't tell him"... fuck's sakes, Ricky.
Okay, boys, we're ready to rock.
Look, I know I keep getting emotional and everything, but... let's go with the hugs.
Bubs, we don't have time for hugs.
We've gotta get going, man.
Nope, don't care.
Love you guys, and I want hugs and I'm not ashamed to say it.
Thanks for everything, boys.
All right.
I'm fucking proud of you, guys and I mean that.
We gotta fucking talk.
About what?
Into the buddy mobile, please.
Are you serious?
You're ridin' with me.
Yeah, let's go.
Come on.
Best buddies.
Going to make a big deal.
Easy, Ricky, easy, easy!
Honest to fuck, Julian, I can barely contain myself.
I mean, our lives are so perfect now,  and they're only gonna get perfecter, as Ricky would say.
Yeah, well, shit can always go wrong though, buddy.
We've got to stay on top of things.
What do you mean?
What do you think's gonna go wrong?
I don't think anything's gonna go wrong.
I'm just saying, shit can always be perfecter.
Well, yeah, obviously.
I mean, if I had an engine in this thing,  -that would make things better.
Dude, I can't imagine if I went out with a dog.
That's kind of weird.
Well, you know what, Cory?
Then better to be safe than sorry and never fucking date a dog.
No, I mean, if I fell in love with it,  I guess I could, but I don't know.
I just don't think I would though.
Can we stop the... so I can take a piss?
Oh, my God.
Why the fuck did I even bring you guys?
What the fuck?
Holy fuck!
Jesus Christ, somebody's shooting at us!
Julian, what the fuck is that?
Tommy Bean!
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
Do you got any guns up there?
I've got one with me...
I've got one under the seat and there's a shotgun in the trunk.
Well, pull over!
We've gotta fight these fucking guys!
Okay, boys, we're gonna have to fucking shoot this out.
Guys, no pussying out, all right?
You ready?
Yeah, dude, I'm ready.
All right, I'm pulling in.
There's a little street here.
I'm pulling in!
Get ready!
Julian, we're not getting in a fucking gunfight!
Bubs, we're already in a gunfight, if you haven't fucking noticed.
And when you are in a gun fight, you need fucking guns!
Trust me!
Alright, alright.
Stay down, Bubs!
It didn't have to be like this, Ricky!
I was gonna buy them off you.
But one way or another,  we ain't leaving here without those 'shroomies!
It's not mushrooms, you stupid fuck!
It's beer!
What the fuck you talking about, beer?
We're taking Bubbles' beer down to Legion  for the fucking dart championships, and now we're fucking late!
So you mean... you don't got 'shroomies in those Freedom 35 boxes?
Why the fuck would we have 'shrooms in the bottles?
I thought you was transporting them that way.
Which, when I heard, I thought it was fucking brilliant,  but now that I say it out loud, it is pretty fucking stupid.
Ah, shit!
I mean, it'd be easy to get them in,  but how the fuck'd you get them back out?
I didn't think that far ahead, all right?
You could just break the bottles to get them out.
That would work.
Oh, yeah, that's a fucking brilliant idea!
What'd you do about all the small, tiny little pieces of glass in the mushrooms?
Do you know what a fucking nightmare that would be to deal with?
It wouldn't be all that bad, actually.
Is this conversation really fucking happening right now?
We need to get to the fucking Legion!
All right, Tommy, what the fuck are we gonna do here?
Well, I don't know.
I fucked up!
Look, man, we're going to drive away, all right?
But if I find out you have mushrooms, Ricky,  I will come back and I'll fucking kill you, man! fuck off!
The fucking door's locked.
For fuck's sakes!
That was fucked.
Oh, boys!
It's all shot to shit, for fuck's sakes!
Ricky, do you want to tell me what the fuck just happened here?
No fucking idea, man.
That was a fucking weird one.
You have no idea why Tommy Bean and the flappy bird brothers  just fucking started blasting us, asking you about mushrooms?
Bubs, Bubs, listen.
Calm down, okay?
We'll deal with this later.
We can still make this delivery.
Let's go.
Come on.
Take your gun back.
They must have thought we were someone else, I guess.
Yeah, yeah, thought you were someone else.
No fucking idea...
Bubs, get in the truck!
How was that speed for you?
Was it okay?
Just fucking tow me!
We're two men down.
This is bullshit!
Bubs, I know it's bullshit.
Just calm the fuck down.
Hey, are you fucking coming with me or wh...?
Get the fuck in the car!
It's not that bad.
What are you talking about?
Julian, here, at least try to fucking...
Here he comes.
Hey, how's it going?
It may not look the best, but most of this is mint condition.
That's the brew master right there.
When you taste this beer,  it's gonna feel like a diamond rainbow spraying right out of your ass.
Pickled Jesus in a long white robe!
What happened here?
I can't take this stuff all smashed up like that!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, listen...
It's Big cock, right?
Big cock?
It's Big Hawk, with an H.
What, like the fucking bird?
These fucking guys said it was Big cock.
Where the fuck did you get a nickname like that?
I'd understand if it was Big cock.
I assumed you were packing or whatever.
I gave it to myself.
You named yourself Big Hawk?
What, do you got a set of wings hiding there under your shirt?
No, no, I just wanted something tough, you know.
Not like the tiger or anything,  but birds are kind of tough,  and Blue Jay and The Eagle were already taken,  so...
Big Hawk.
Well, that's pretty fucked,  but anyway...
The beer's here.
Like I said, most of it's mint condition.
A deal's a deal.
Come on, let's make this happen.
No, no, I can't do it.
I can't sell beer that's all smashed up.
It's not smashed up, it's shot up.
Who in the name of Christ's kittens was shooting at you?
Probably one of the other three clients  we had to turn down to make this deal happen.
I mean, someone's obviously pissed off you're getting the last of this shit.
But look, look, we'll clean this all up, okay?
We'll even stock your fridges for free.
Look, that's a... that's a $200 value  right there, for free.
Throw it in.
Come on, Big cock.
You can do this.
We need it.
You don't understand  the bullshit we just went through to get this stuff here on time.
But I'm a man of my word.
I said it was gonna be here on time.
Here it is.
Just a few short.
Come on, Big Hawk.
All right, fellas.
You get it looking good and get it in the fridges,  -and we'll call it a deal.
Right on!
That's the shit right there.
Now come on inside and we'll get you all squared up.
All right, let's load them in, boys.
All right, come on.
Holy fuck, Bubs.
Listen, man, you got to get it together and stop fucking up.
Bubs, just pick up the ones that aren't broken, I'll go deal with Big Hawk.
We just lost a bunch of money there 'cause of you not being careful.
Holy shit!
I think we have sufficient evidence to go to the cops.
Wouldn't you say, Jim?
Not yet.
Mr. Lahey, why are you talking about...
...going to the cops and evidence?
I don't...
Let the man think, would you?
Listen, if the three shit-kateers  are getting into gunfights  with the likes of Tommy Bean, Dennis, and Terry,  then there's a lot more here than meets the eye.
It's just the tip of the iceberg, Randy.
Tip of the shitberg.
Yeah, jack it, Bubs!
Jack that crow. fucking come on, you.
I hope he doesn't blow all over you.
Come on, Bubs, don't be pissed, man.
I'm sorry.
I'm not pissed, Ricky, but it's just, like... what's the fucking point?
What is the fucking point?
Well, I guess the fucking point is that I promised you  I wasn't gonna break the law and I did, but I thought  that because it was for fucking groceries and shit,  then that makes it not that illegal.
Imagine if this was six months ago.
I definitely would've been selling like fucking crazy.
So this kind of means I'm getting a little better, doesn't it?
In a weird, illogical, fucked-up kind of way, sort of, Ricky.
It's just like...
Ricky, we're so fucking close.
Like, we're so fucking close to being set up,  I can fucking taste it.
And then you'll never have to sell  any amount of "grocery" mushrooms ever again.
But if you guys aren't there with me  when all that good stuff happens,  then it's not even worth it to me.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
And I wanna be right there with you, just don't give up on me.
Ricky, if I was gonna give up on you,  I probably would've did it  one of the other thousand times that you fucked up.
Thanks, buddy.
Get my belly, will you?
Come on, deedle it.
Ricky, belly-gettin's not something you ask for.
Belly-getting is something that you earn.
Hey, boys!
I just got off the phone with Big cock.
He said he was really impressed with the customer service,  and the beer's going great, man.
People are fucking loving it!
And he wants more. fucking awesome, boys.
All right, boys, put it in.
Boys, can we just get this back on track, please? fuck, yeah, we can.
Let's definitely get things back on track.
Who the fuck is that?
Is this really fucking happening right now? it's just Candy. fuck, I hope she's not here to tell him  he's going back to fucking jail.
Ricky, why would you say that?
Why are you gonna get me all worked up now?
Do you think that's what she's doing?
It's a pellet gun.
Oh, kissy, kissy, kiss-kiss!
Julian and Candy up a tree.
That's fucking funny, man.
I don't know what it means, but that is fucking funny.
You don't know what it means?
The B-I-N-I-G-N-E thing.
But it's in a tree!
Julian in a fucking tree!
No, Ricky...
And he's probably fucking naked too, isn't he?
No, Ricky it was...
Like a fucking bear!
Ricky, are you all right?
Here, who's got your belly?
Who's got your belly?
Oh, my fuck, that's fucking funny!
Are you all right?
Ricky, that wasn't even the funny part. fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Finally, one of those.
Box number 2, boys.
Ah, yes!
That's even nicer than I thought it would be.
There's nothing better than unboxing brand-new shit.
You know it's gonna make you a lot more money.
You're fucking starting to sound like Julian.
Eat my ass, Ricky.
Making money is what business is all about.
I'm not just doing this for the fun of it.
Well, we're doing it for the fun of it too, Julian.
Think about it.
Working with my two best buddies,  everything legit, on the up-and-up,  beer's amazing.
I'm telling you, boys,  if we can just keep doing this the way we're doing it,  we're gonna be fucking unstoppable!
All right.
You okay to hold down the fort while we get supplies?
Yeah, of course, I am.
Where's the list then, bud? just wait.
Where is the fucking list?
Right there.
Get exactly the things I want. try to get, you know, fancy with it.
All right.
No problem.
Guys, I want to tell you how proud I am of you two.
I just wish we had've gotten our shit together, like, 20 years ago.
This is cool.
Yeah, me too.
No shit.
Who's the one that's been saying,  -"Get your shit together"?
Rick, just...
Don't be spitting on my fucking floor!
Sorry, man.
Clean that up.
Forgot we were fucking inside.
Your place looks fucked.
Ricky, you know... big fucking loogs like that,  your body's trying to tell you to chill out.
You know that, right?
I know, but my brains are telling me to smoke more,  -They're the ones that make the talk.
Oh, let's go.
Come on.
What the fuck is going on here?
Candy took the day off work, she's gonna come get supplies with us,  then, she's fucking taking me out for lunch to talk to me about something.
Oh, fuck.
Sorry, man.
She's fucking breaking up with you.
What do you mean?
Think about it.
She needs to talk to you, lunch, that's break-up shit.
Was just a matter of time anyway, I guess.
You think so?
Well, look at her.
She's a good-looking chick, rich and smart.
Look at you.
You're fucked-looking, just a muscle dummy.
And you're dumb, broke, and you're a criminal.
Not anymore, man, I'm getting my shit together.
Come on.
Oh, great.
We'll see.
This is gonna be a real good time.
Can't fucking smoke dope in the car now, Julian.
Just get in the fucking car. fuck's sake.
Hey, baby.
How you doing?
Nice shirt.
Right on.
What the fuck does she want?
Jesus Christ!
Ricky, ignore her.
Don't even fucking talk to her.
I should at least see what she fucking wants.
Get in the fucking car.
That's a little fucking close.
What the fuck are you doing here?
Well, to be honest, Ricky, I can't stop fucking thinking about you.
And I'm not happy about it.
Oh, really?
Well, if we're being honest,  I can't stop fucking thinking about you either.
It is driving me fucking nuts!
It's making me insane!
Poor baby!
How do you think I feel?
You think I like not being able to stop thinking about a fucking loser?
Think I like not being able to stop thinking about a fucking bitchy asshole  who keeps yelling at me, treats me like fucking shit?
That's awesome!
What are we gonna do about it?
I don't know.
We're not getting back together.
Are we?
I don't know, maybe we are.
Oh, you want to get back together?
Yeah, maybe I fucking do!
Well, let's fucking do it then...
Oh, ho, ho!
Great news!
That'll be a great fucking time!
Great fucking news, Rick!
Once again, Susan gets her way and we get back together, right? goddamn fucking right I do.
All right.
We're fucking back together then.
They're so fucked.
For fuck's sakes!
How you doing?
Uh, good?
Jim Lahey, supervisor.
I just noticed you driving around here three or four times.
Anything I can do to help you?
Yeah, I'm looking for Julian.
Oh, you just missed him.
Yeah, he just left.
Uh, don't know when he'll be back.
Sometimes he's gone for three or four days. well, that sucks shit.
Days, huh?
Listen uh...
I'm a good friend of his.
Uh, anything I can do to help you?
Well, I bought a bunch of beer from him and it sold out real quick.
Now I've got a big event coming up and I want 200 cases of the stuff.
200 cases?
Oh, geez!
Well, I'll be sure to let him know then.
Oh, well, groovy.
Just tell him to call Big Hawk.
Yeah well, I'll have to take... take your word for it...
Big cock.
We should get supplies all the time, you know?
All right.
This wine stinks, though.
How do people drink wine?
It doesn't stink.
It's good.
Is it?
Makes you do crazy shit.
I'm gonna have to try some wine then.
What the fuck is she doing, stringing him along?
Baby, you're so suspicious.
Sorry, babe.
All right, one of these right here.
Why don't you use the organic kind?
Well, this is the one on the list and, uh, that's almost twice the money.
So we'll get this one, I guess.
Yeah, but... the organic kind is grown without GMOs and disgusting spider DNA.
You can sell the beer for more.
I get it, but I don't know anything about spiders and shit,  and Bubbles said to get this one,  and Bubbles is the beer expert, right?
Not you.
So we'll get this one.
I never said I was a fucking beer expert.
And God forbid you use your fucking brain for once.
I don't need to use my brain, because we have a list.
So why would I use my fucking brain if I don't have to?
That might be the dumbest thing anybody has ever said  -in the history of the world, Ricky.
Actually, it's not.
It's not even the fucking dumbest thing I've said today.
So wrong again, Susan!
Jesus fucking Christ, here we fucking go again, aren't we?
Okay, great.
You know what?
You take this fucking bag of fucking hops.
I'll get the rest of this shit.
Just stay the fuck away from me till we leave!
You carry your own oats!
Where'd George put the drone thing, Randy?
You don't need the drone, Mr. Lahey.
I still can't believe you let him move in here.
Well, George is right, Randy.
The boys are up to something.
You've got to stop this, Mr. Lahey.
You're gonna get pulled right back into the shit abyss.
I'm not gonna get sucked back into the shit abyss, Randy!
Look, there's something going on, and that's re...
Guess what?
Today, there was a shady-looking guy  driving around the park looking for Julian,  wanting to buy some fucking beer, Randy.
Is that not shit abyss-y enough for you?
Geez, Mr. Lahey, maybe he was just trying to buy some more beer.
Did you ever think of that?
George is getting you all worked up.
Those boys have been keeping their noses clean.
Those boys have had shit-encrusted noses  ever since they were this high to a shit-erpillar, Randy.
And what about the fucking gunfight?
What about that, huh?
They were protecting themselves.
Randy,  what are you trying to tell me?
I think we should bury the hatchet, Mr. Lahey.
And maybe try to work with those guys.
Work with them?
Are you nuts?
Well, being part of a beer company might be fun.
And plus, it's better for Sunnyvale if everyone just gets along.
Randy, I don't know.
Mr. Lahey, please,  just come and talk to Bubbles with me and see what he's got to say.
I don't like seeing you like this.
What the fuck?
Get out of here, shit bag!
I've got a few of my new parts installed  and now this baby's going to the next fucking level.
I mean, the cold filtering process is just gonna be unbelievable.
At this point, I mean, if I was lighting off a Saturn 5 rocket,  I'd be on the horn with Mission Control right now:  "She's good to go, baby!
Light the fucking fuse."  [giggling]
Hey, Bubbles.
Hey, Randy.
Mr. Lahey.
What do you guys want?
Got a question for you.
I'm gonna get straight to the point, no beating around the bush.
Well, by saying that, Randy,  you're actually beating around the bush.
Okay, here it goes.
Is this beer business that you've got going  with Julian and Ricky legit?
Is it legit?
Okay, Randy, you tell me.
Here, look.
You tell me... if I'd be put my heart and soul into that  if it wasn't fucking legit.
Drive that into your guts.
Yeah, there you go.
Crank that into your shit tank.
Tell me it's not legit.
Holy frig, that's amazing!
Try it, Mr. Lahey.
That's fucking 100% my recipe  with the boys,  and that is heart and soul, Randy.
It's good, isn't it, Mr. Lahey?
Peasantly supplising.
That's an... extremely good beer, Bubbles.
Oh, I know it is.
Can we buy a couple cases off you?
Well, if you got money, Randy,  I'll take your fucking money all day, baby.
I've got no change, though.
Two cases right there, just bottled.
So is that all you wanted?
Come down here and snoop around, see if I'm breaking the law?
We wanted to come down here  and bury the hatchet once and for all  -and have a fresh start with you guys.
Well, that would be, actually, really cool, Randy,  if I believed you, but I don't.
We want everyone working together  for the betterment of Sunnyvale, as a team.
Well, I've always been for  the fucking betterment of Sunnyvale, Randy, you know that.
That's true.
Okay well, if you're gonna do this big beer deal with Big Hawk,  I was thinking that you're probably gonna need...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, R...
No, let me finish, Mr. Lahey.
Big Hawk?
You're gonna need more space,  and that's something that Mr. Lahey and I could easily arrange through Barb.
Just wait, just pump the fucking brakes there, Randy.
What are you talking about, deal with Big Hawk?
Bubbles didn't know anything about it.
I was just about to tell you, Bubs.
Tell me what?
Well, I, I bumped into Big cock this morning  and he wanted me to tell you guys  that he would like to order 200 cases of beer.
200 cases?!
Yeah, yeah...
Holy fuck!
This might be the perfect time  for us partner up with some good, honest help, Bubbles.
Partner up?
Who partner up?
Put 'er up there.
Look, I got a contract here, too, Bubs,  -if you're interested.
A contr...
For who?
This is...
No, just...
Shields up!
Shields up!
Something's not fucking right here!
What's wrong?
What do you mean, what's wrong?
You're down here talking about the betterment of Sunnyvale  and there's a secret deal with Big Hawk going on...
I don't fucking think so.
Shields up!
Off my property! fucking beat it right now, both of yous.
Come on, Randy, get going.
Randy, get the beer!
I don't trust you, Lahey.
You're up to something, and I fucking know it.
Yeah, that's it, skittle away.
Skittle away, bud.
Now, what I was saying before  about the cold filtering...
No, you know what?
I can't do this right now,  I'm too ranged up.
I'll tell you guys about it later.
I just need to take a fucking minute.
Look, crashing into things,  which I normally wouldn't do  if I wasn't all jinkity-janked!
I don't know how Big Hawk and Lahey got together  to flush this one out, but this is fucking huge.
This is huge.
All right, fine, I'll fucking listen!
Okay, good!
Can you stop talking?
'Cause you can't listen and talk at the same time unless you're a wizard!
Surprise, surprise.
Look at them,  still fighting in the parking lot.
What's up, Bubs?
Hey, Julian, big fucking news.
Just a sec, I've got to put you on speakerphone.
What's up, man?
Uh, we might have a deal  for 200 fucking cases, that's what's up.
No fucking way!
Are you kidding me?
Yes, sir.
You've got to get back here right away.
We've got to deal with this.
We're gonna grab a quick bite.
We'll be back in a bit.
Not a bit.
You've got to come now.
I've got to know if this is real!
Bubs, calm down.
Just give Big Hawk a call,  fucking ask him if the deal's for real, man.
Well, what if he starts questioning me,  asking me about numbers and stuff?
I don't want to look stupid.
Tell him I'll call later and work out the details, okay?
I've got to go, all right?
See you, man.
Holy fuck!
You're like my good luck charm.
Thanks, baby.
All right, let's go.
Thank you. fucking awesome!
This could be big, fellas.
Cross your paws.
Oh, here they come.
Is everything okay?
Everything's great.
So good.
Hey, would you mind, uh, getting your own table,  'cause I have something I want to talk to Julian about  and it's kind of important?
Yeah, well, that's not gonna happen.
I know what you're going to talk about, no way  I'm leaving my best friend alone.
Just do it in front of me.
I don't give a fuck.
Thank you.
What are you talking...
What the hell is he talking about?
What the fuck is...
Can I get a couple draft,  and a vodka cran?
A vodka cran for her.
Rum and coke, please.
Water's fine.
Oh, look at us.
We're so fucking happy.
Don't be so jealous.
I think it's sweet.
How do you guys get along so well with each other?
Um, I think it's open communication  and being 100% honest with each other.
That's weird, 'cause... me and Ricky are totally honest with each other,  yet we fight constantly.
Right, baby?
Why are you being so spazzy?
I just don't know what... to order.
What's wrong with your fucking eyes?
I'm just...
There's so much stuff on here.
You've never lied to me, have you?
Well, is not telling you something the same as lying?
It's not, right?
Are there things you haven't told me?
Well, yeah.
There is.. some things I haven't told you,  but not because I was trying to lie.
I know you'll go fucking nuts.
And what things haven't you told me because I will go fucking nuts?
Promise me you won't go nuts, and I'll tell you.
Okay, I promise.
You know what?
It's not a big deal,  because we were broken up anyway but...
I want to tell you this.
I hooked up with someone.
Oh, is that it?
You thought I'd go fucking nuts over that?
That's no big deal.
Okay, good.
I hooked up with some people, too.
It doesn't matter, does it?
Actually, know what?
It totally doesn't matter.
Were they, uh... were they bigger than me, though...
Oh, my God, Ricky.
It's not like I'm going to ask if she had nicer tits than me.
Did she have nicer tits than me?
Not really.
You know I'm an ass man, anyway, so...
Oh, so she had a nicer ass than me?
Oh, my fuck, Susan.
I didn't fucking say that.
Who was she?
I thought it didn't matter!
Actually, it doesn't.
As long as it wasn't that bitch, Sarah.
Oh, my fucking fuck!
You fucked Sarah? fuck you!
You said you weren't gonna go fucking nuts  and here you are going fucking nuts again, Susan!
And you know what?
We didn't even fuck!
It was just a little bit of oral, for fuck's sakes!
Get the fuck back!
What the fuck is going...?
Well, I think I'm gonna have the chicken balls.
Combo one.
...one fucking night!
We were drunk!
That makes it better?
It's better than fucking, actually, right in...
Holy frig, this beer's good.
Damn good!
Then you had to go fucking open your big fucking mouth, Randy!
How was I supposed to know what to say and what not to say?
Look, we should have waited  till they agreed to have us on board.
By then, we could have taken them with a big fucking deal, Randy,  and then all trust issues would have been fucking eliminated!
Well, that could still happen, Mr. Lahey.
You fucked her, bud.
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna go down to beer bottle Bubble bullshit brewery  and shut the whole fucking thing down!
Mr. Lahey!
Mr. Lahey.
That's not you, all right?
That's the old Mr. Lahey.
Here, have a seat.
All right?
You're not that person anymore.
Think about it, Mr. Lahey.
Things have been pretty good around here lately.
No bullshit!
You know what?
Suck my cock, Ricky!
Suck it dry!
That's fucking nice talk.
Did she just tell him to suck her cock?
She says that all the time.
She doesn't have one, though, does she?
I don't think so, but I'm beginning to think she might.
Oh, wow.
I didn't expect that to happen.
Most fucked up couple on the planet.
The guys have started an honest business  and they're doing pretty frigging good at it!
Eh, it's lipstick on a shit pig, Randy!
Mr. Lahey,  let's just leave them alone, okay?
And enjoy each other,  alone, no one else.
Oh, there's nothing better than a day near the beach with a drone.
You should see the footage.
I even got some nice Speedo shots of these French fellas for you guys.
What, uh, what are you guys doing here?
Having a little party without me?
What's the occasion?
We're just trying to have some alone time here, George.
Freedom 35?
That's smooth.
The three shit-keteers have started their own... beer bottling brewery.
Randy and I went down, tried to get involved,  but Bu-Bu-Bu-Bu-Bubbles shut the fuck down us-us.
Surveillance from the inside.
That's brilliant, Jim.
We're not doing surveillance from the inside, George!
Look, they've started a legit business  -and we would like to be involved with it.
Build something for the park, for the future.
Everyone working together on one team.
He's not serious, is he, Jim?
You think they're just selling beer down there?
Give me a fucking break.
Well, I've got no reason to believe there's anything more.
That's why you're an assistant trailer park supervisor.
And Jim and I, we're police officers, Randy.
Well, you're not anymore!
And you're my assistant now, George!
You're siding with him?
I'm not siding with anybody, Randy!
Look reality in the bum cheeks, Randy!
Think about it for a second.
Why wouldn't Bubbles want us to get involved in his business?
Because you're a drunk, Mr. Lahey!
Frig's sakes.
Frig off, George.
You want to get involved, Jim?
We can very easily make that happen.
Well, what have you got in mind, Georgie?
I got a few ideas, if you're ready to listen.
So how do you think our relationship's going?
Hm, I think it's going great.
But, you know,  if you don't feel the same way as me... that's fine, I get it.
I totally get it, Candy.
Julian, what...
Get what?
Get what?
You know, look at you. beautiful,  you're successful, smart. look at me.
I'm a loser compared to you.
No, you've got smart friends.
You might not want to bring me around them.
I totally get it.
I understand.
What are you talking about?
Understand what?
All right.
I was talking to Ricky.
I was talking to Ricky, he said...
Oh, God...
...you were probably gonna dump me during lunch.
You know...
I'm just paranoid.
I don't know what to think.
And you're gonna listen to that guy?
Julian, look...
I didn't bring you here to break up with you.
I brought you here... to ask you to marry me.
Julian,  will you marry me?
Are you fucking serious?
Look, I don't want to lose you again, baby.
What do you say?
Of course I do! fuck, I love you.
I love you, too.
I'm getting married, man.
Yeah, right on.
Thank you.
Cheers, baby.
Cheers, baby.
You are fucking something else.
Well, that's the operation in a nutshell.
I'm confident I can deliver.
Oh, that is something good.
Now, consistency is key.
You keep it consistent and it'll continue to sell.
What more can I tell you?
You've got a good thing going here, real good.
Well, you don't have to worry about a thing, Big Hawk.
Look, my middle name's consistency.
That's what people around here call me, Bubbles Consistency!
Look, I'm very, very happy to be doing business with you, Big Hawk.
Look, if things go good,  I might even let you start calling me just...
The Hawk.
Oh, that would be awesome.
That would be awesome.
Big Hawk's out.
All right.
Oh, yes!
Did you guys fucking see that?
Holy fuck!
Come on Julian, pick up.
Pick up.
Julian, call me back right away!
Holy fuck, the deal's real, and it's done, baby!
You should have saw me fucking  -wheeling dealing with Big Hawk.
It was unbeliev...
Just hang on.
I'll call you back.
Is your name Bubbles?
What's that?
Is your name Bubbles?
Uh, it might be.
Who's asking?
Ryan Duggins, I work for the city.
You're hereby ordered to  cease productions and operations immediately, sir.
What are you talking about?
That's a fucking legitimate business.
That's registered business.
It's 100% legit.
I'll get my registration papers! it's not necessary.
We're aware of the registration.
It's not a registration issue.
I'm actually kind of not sure how this business was registered to start with.
This is a zoning issue.
Sunnyvale Trailer Park is not commercially zoned.
Well, that's not my fucking problem, is it?
I did what I was supposed to do.
Listen, sir,  we're gonna be checking up on you quite regularly.
This is a... pretty elaborate set-up.
I'm surprised we just had one complaint.
Oh, a fucking notice?
One complaint you had, eh?
Yeah, I fucking wonder who that was! fucking dirty son of a whore!
You couldn't fucking leave well enough alone!
You had to come fuck everything up on me, didn't you?
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Oh, yeah, you don't know what I'm talking about!
You called the fucking city and had my whole business shut down!
You miserable prick!
It wasn't me, Bubbles.
Oh, yeah.
It wasn't fucking...
Who were you talking to Bubbles?
I don't know, some lizard-y looking little fuck!
Hoggins or Doggins or something!
Ryan "Do Anybody" Duggins.
Yeah, I know him well.
Oh, big surprise.
You know the fucking big mean guy from the city.
Listen, I can help you out.
It'll just take a call.
Oh yeah, you'd do that for me, would you, George?
You're gonna make a call and fucking make everything better?
Yeah, I will.
But it'll cost you.
What's it gonna cost me?
Well, the only way I see the city going for it is, uh,  if our names are attached to it.
Mine and Jim's.
Oh, yeah.
Mr. Lahey!
You think that's fucking fair, do you?
You just fucking come in  and take part of my fucking heart and soul for doing fucking nothing?
I don't fucking think so, baby!
That's bullshit.
That's bullshit.
I am willing to make all your dreams happen  for just a small crumb of the pie.
I promise I'm going to steer the old shit ship straight, Bubbles.
No fucking bullshit!
Oh, yeah.
All you have to do is just team up...
Look, it would be a shame...
We can make your fucking business...
I've got hundreds of contacts from my days...
Would you guys just leave him alone?
Get your fucking greasy hands off me,  you fucking humpback shit whale!
You want to fucking go?
I'll go with you!
Let's fucking go!
I'll take the pants off right now!
Come on, right fucking now!
Let's go!
I'm not signing anything!
Everybody just shut the fuck up!
These are your options, Bubbles.
Take it or leave it.
Yeah, you know what?
You know what...
I'd rather have no fucking business  and still have my fucking friends  than team up with you fucking shit balls. fucking assholes!
There, Randy, I knocked your burger.
Here, sorry, here.
Have another one.
I'm sorry about that.
Frig off!
Friggin' perfectly good burgers...
You sure you won't consider, Bubbles?
Jim, we'll work on it.
Hey, Big Hawk?
Hey, it's Bubbles here.
Listen, I... got some bad news.
I know I told you my middle name was Consistency.
I should have told you my middle name's The Big fucking Letdown Guy.
I got shut down by the city.
I'm not gonna be able to deliver that beer.
I'm sorry, bud.
The Hawk.
Get over here, man, I got some good news.
Yeah, well we've got to have a business meeting, Julian.
No, we're getting drunk tonight and celebrating, buddy.
No, I don't think so.
Business meeting.
Just hang on for a minute.
Fuckbrains got engaged.
Ricky, what the fuck are you doing?
I wanted to tell him myself, man.
What do you mean en...
Like to get married?
We're getting married, man.
Oh, my fuck.
A little bit sudden, don't you think?
Well, sudden's one word, fucked is another one.
I don't think it's fucked, I think it's romantic.
Yeah, romantic.
You know what's not romantic?
The thought of you banging Sarah going around and 'round in my head.
Oh, Jesus fucking Christ!
You've just got to keep bringing this up fucking constantly?
You just told me about it an hour ago!
And yeah, maybe I am!
You know?
I thought I could deal with it.
I don't think I can.
What the fuck am I supposed to do?
If you can't fucking get over it, maybe we should move on.
Yeah, but I want to be with you, Ricky.
I love your dumb ass, you fucking idiot. maybe if you committed to me,  I could get rid of these images of  -her blowing you...
Oh, my God...
...and you mowing down on her dirty red box.
What the fuck are you saying?
If I commit to you,  and we get married, engaged and shit,  that you can finally forget about this shit?
Yeah, maybe I am.
Oh, my fucking God!
That's all it's going to take, is it?
Will you for to be fucking married to me?
Yeah, I fucking will.
Well, great then,  I guess we're fucking getting married then, aren't we?
Yeah, I guess we fucking are.
All right.
This is gonna be something, isn't it?
Bottle kids!
Get going, you little bastards!
What was that?
So are we really doing this?
Let's get in the trailer.
I love you.
I love you.
Did that really just fucking happen?
Un-fucking-believable, isn't it?
Yes, it is!
Let's go make this official.
Come on.
All right, okay. just give me one second.
So what did you want to talk about, buddy?
Nothing, Julian.
Just go.
Are you sure...
Just go.
We'll talk later.
All right.
You sure, buddy?
I mean best man? fuck, man, I thought you'd be happier.
I'm happy, Julian.
Deedle deedle, congratulations.
You sure?
See you in the morning, man.
Yeah, you just go.
I'll deal with everything.
You guys just go enjoy  your engagement banging. fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Well, my back's up against the wall, but...
I'm not giving up on my beer business.
No fucking way.
I already proved that it can sell,  and that people love it.
I've just gotta figure out a way to do it  outside of the park.
I mean, I don't understand everything about... zoning laws and all the legalities.
So I'm gonna go get some advice from somebody  that knows what they're talking about,  so I can do this properly.
I mean, this is about my future  and I've gotta really start thinking about that now,  especially with Ricky and Julian, where they're gonna be... kept men.
Okay, Bubbles, time to pour on the charm, baby.
Hi there, pretty lady.
How are you doing?
How are you?
I'm fantastic.
How can I help you?
Uh, I was wondering  if I could speak to somebody -  I don't even know what their job title would be -  but somebody that could explain to me  about zoning laws related to making beer.
Is there anybody...
Are you looking to file a complaint...?
No, no.
I run a brewery myself  down at the Sunnyvale Trailer Park with my two best friends.
We make a beer called Freedom 35.
It's un-fucking-believable.
And we have this drunk trailer park supervisor,  he called the fucking city and shut me down,  -'cause he's jealous, and he's a...
Excuse me.
Did you just say Freedom 35?
Uh, yeah, Freedom 35.
So that's your beer?
Yeah, that's the beer I make, my recipe.
This is amazing.
I had one of my employees trying to track you down.
Track me down?
What do you mean track me down?
Look, do you have time for a quick meeting?
Kevin Watson.
I'm the President of Halifax Beer.
Hey, Kevin.
Bubbles, Freedom 35 beer.
Uh, I could probably take a meeting.
I've never been in a meeting before.
Please, step into my office.
All right, all right.
Wait, this isn't a trick where  -I go in here and get murdered, is it?
Pretty lady, I got a meeting!
I'm in a meeting!
Ricky and Julian,  holster your penises!
I repeat, Ricky and Julian,  put your little birds away and get the fuck to my shed!
We just won the fucking lottery, baby!
Bubs, it's way too early for that fucking loudspeaker, man.
Hook up for lunch?
That'd be nice, baby.
She is fucking killing me.
Bubs, calm down.
I just met with the President of Halifax Beer!
Oh, my fuck!
Take a deep breath, man.
Get your fucking self together!
He made us an offer...
Okay, hold up, calm down.
He made us an offer, boys.
The President of Halifax Beer... he wants to put Freedom 35  right across the fucking country.
What the fuck are you...
Why would he wanna do that?
It sounds like a fucking scam.
No Ricky, it's not a scam.
It's the real deal.
He knows about the beer from his uncle that goes to the Legion  and he thinks this could be huge 'cause we're on the TV.
It's real, Julian.
Check it.
Did you even read this fucking thing?
It's a 50/50 deal.
We gotta come up with 50 grand to make the first batch.
Have fun with that one, man.
No Julian, this is a good deal.
This is a good, fair fucking deal.
Look, I don't believe in  cosmic fucking bullshit or fate or spirituality,  Doug Henning-type stuff.
But think about it.
We made a beer called Freedom 35 and now this is happening.
I think something's... something's at play here!
We did it.
It's $50,000!
How are we just gonna come up with $50,000, huh?
Well, that's really a technicality  -at this point, isn't it?
Julian, if we work hard and use our brains, we can do this.
What if we put up one of those crowdfunding things  you see on the internet?
People make money doing that, crowdfunding.
The fuck you talking about?
Why would we fund a crowd?
That makes no sense.
No Ricky, I don't mean that.
Come on, Julian.
Come on, use your brains.
We can do this.
Listen to me  and don't fucking freak out.
What if I said there was a way to do this, very easily, probably today?
Is it illegal?
Very, bud.
Obviously, right?
Yeah, well, obviously  I don't want any part of it.
Ricky, I'm not getting tangled up in that fucking bullshit  -and ruining our one chance at salvation.
I hear you.
I got a perfect thing going with Candy.
I'm not ruining that for anything.
All right, fucking relax!
It was just an idea.
Look boys, this might sound fucked,  a little bit fucked,  but maybe the three of us, we just go down to the bank and say,  "Look, we need a loan."  -[chuckling]
They might give us a loan.
Bubs, Bubs...
We can't even get a fucking debit card, man. we're not just gonna give up, Julian!
This is your fucking field!
You should be able to come up with this.
Come on, please!
Okay, I got it.
I got it.
You can do it?
I might be able to get us some money.
Okay, but nothing illegal.
Nothing illegal?
Good morning, guys.
Beautiful day out there.
Well, you could fucking knock.
What a nice-looking breakfast you've got here.
All right, Lahey!
I need some quick cash, you owe me a ton of it!
Hand over the fucking papers to that car and this trailer.
I'm selling them!
Julian, I can't give you the fucking papers!
Wrong answer!
Hand over the papers!
Julian, I don't have any fucking papers!
...hand over the fucking papers!
Or else I'm gonna give him my blessing  to come in here every goddamn morning to ruin your life!
Julian, we've got no papers!
Wrong fucking answer!
We don't fucking own the car or the fucking trailer!
Wrong answer!
Hang on, hang on!
What did you say?
Barb owns the car and the trailer and every fucking thing that's in it!
That sounds like another fucking lie!
That's enough!
That's eno...
That's enough!
Barb owns everything?
Yeah, that's what I was trying to tell you.
Oh my fuck.
Right, how much money do you guys have on you?
Well, I've got $18,  -but that's for pizza night tonight.
Not anymore.
Does Barb own this fucking toaster oven?
That was my toaster oven!
Oh my frig, Mr. Lahey!
Thanks for letting me do that with you, Julian.
Really means a lot to me.
You're a fucking good friend.
This is so fucked.
We've got this crazy deal on the table,  one that could probably retire us,  and no way of making it fucking happen.
How big do you think it could be?
Could be huge, man.
Are you kidding me?
Right across the country?
Bubbles is on to something here, man.
Well, I told you.
There is a way to make this happen.
Okay, what is it, for fuck's sakes?
Just hear me out.
All right.
It took a bit of fucking around... but I just got the Indiegogo campaign all live and launched,  so now we just let the fucking money start rolling in on that front.
In the meantime,  I'm gonna fucking go deal with some deadbeats  who have been dodging me.
Attention, residents of Sunnyvale,  anyone with an outstanding beer tab,  your fucking luck just ran out.
Marguerite, come on down!
You're the first contestant on You Owe Me fucking Money.
Cecil Cameron, $148. fuck off with the fucking announcements!
Oh Donnie, okay, I'm coming after you too, bud.
I hope you're willing to suck it out of the eye of my cock,  'cause I don't fucking have it!
Jesus Murphy, Donnie, the fucking language!
Easy on the fucking deck, man.
It just slipped right out of my fucking hand.
How you making out, Bubs?
Hey, I'm making out great actually, Julian.
I've got $416 collected from customers.
I've got the internet campaign up and running.
It's doing great.
Right on.
How much you pulling in?
Well, I didn't pull in anything but I got 26 views, boys.
No offence, Bubs, but that's fucking detarded.
Ricky, first of all, that word's never gonna catch on  and second of all, it's not detarded.
I mean, once word of mouth starts flying, it can snowball.
People make a hundred grand a day sometimes on this.
Who the fuck makes a hundred grand a day? geniuses who invent things  that are gonna change humanity, but still...
Well, we've got a better id...
Talk to Julian about it.
This thing we were thinking.
Look at me.
You guys are talking about doing illegal stuff.
Bubs, just hear us out, man.
No, I'm not fucking hearing you out  because I'm not interested.
That's the thing.
Bubs, look.
You said this is the big one, and I agree, okay?
We'll just do it one last time, okay?
Then we retire.
I feel it in my gut.
This plan's perfect, flawless.
How many times have I heard you say  those exact fucking words, Julian?
How many times?
Do you guys know what the definition of insanity is?
Do you know what it is?
It's doing the same thing over and over again,  expecting a different result.
I know, but it's gonna be different this time.
It could be anyway.
This time,  -we're gonna get results, man.
That's right.
Listen to yourselves.
Okay, how is it fucking different this time?
Because we've never had the fucking big guy on our side before.
The big g... ?
Ricky,  tell me you're not talking about fucking God right now.
I'm not talking about fucking him or her.
Remember the cow shit I shoved under the trailers  -to fucking get rid of the rats?
Yeah, I remember very vividly  you filling my truck with shit and destroying it.
Well, guess what?
That wasn't normal cow shit.
That was fucking angel shit sent down from Jesus God.
What in a flying fiddler's fuckstrap are you talking about?
Jesus God growed mushrooms under all the fucking trailers in the park. fucking beautiful little perfect magic mushrooms,  thousands of the fucking things!
Thousands of the fucking things...
So, you have a shit ton of mushrooms.
You said you had a fucking few, Ricky!
You fucking lied again!
Well, technically I didn't lie to you.
When I said a few,  I may have forgot to add the word "garbage bags" to that.
And sometimes a few means four or five, right?
I've used it to say four or five before.
Oh, yeah...
Look, Bubs, Bubs.
Whyever it's fucking happened,  there's thousands of the fucking things,  enough to get this beer launched, man.
One-shot deal.
We do this, we retire, man. no more breaking the fucking law,  no more bullshit.
We're retired.
For sure.
A one-shot deal?
A one-shot deal, man.
Ah, come on, buddy.
Just like the fucking Blue Man brothers.
Oh, my God.
I'm insane!
I'm insane, everybody!
Oh, my fuck!
Okay, listen, if I agree to this,  just so we're clear, this has nothing to do  with magic angel shit being sent down from God  to send us on an everlasting quest for fucking divine fucking peace.
All right, so are we gonna do it?
God fucking damn it!
Don't be jerking me off.
You won't regret this, buddy.
Christ, were you two fighting?
What the hell happened in here?
Hello, George.
Two of our best friends dropped over,  Ricky and Julian.
They asked if they could have the papers for the fucking trailer and for the car.
It seems that Julian  is in fucking need of some quick cash  and, uh, he told me he's gonna send Ricky over  every fucking morning and destroy our fucking place!
Those guys had better back the fuck off.
You're not coming up with or giving them anything.
We're supposed to just let them come in here  -and smash our shit up every day?
Jesus, you're stupid, Randy!
Why don't you fuck off, go eat yourself to death?
Jim and I will handle this.
Go on!
Frig's sakes...
Listen, Jim.
If they're that desperate for money,  they're either in a really bad situation  or they're up to something really big.
We're gonna take 'em down,  you and me.
For fuck's sakes!
Piece of shit!
Jesus, Jim.
Oh, that carrot-eating slut-cumber!
Three bucks a fucking gram?
Reggie, come on!
You can tell him to take his chocolate-covered ostrich balls  and ram them right up a moose's fucking ass!
There has to be another option here, Reg.
No, I'm not fronting the fucking things! fuck that!
It's cash, up front.
Oh, for fuck's sakes...
Yeah, I know it's a lot,  but it's a serious fucking opportunity for the right fucking person here.
It's three bucks a gram, Reggie!
That is fucked!
Jesus fucking Christ, all right, set it up: 50 Gs.
But I'm going to need another couple of hours now at least.
Ricky, come on, for fuck's sakes, would you?
Let's get this show on the road, I wanna get it over with.
We got a serious fucking problem.
Oh, yeah...
I can only get three bucks a gram now.
We're gonna need 37 pounds, gonna have to pick another garbage bag,  -that's only 29 or 30 fucking pounds.
Here we fucking go!
Here we go!
"Oh, this is gonna be easy," you guys said.
One fucking sale!
Now we're right back into the fucking bullshit  -and we're gonna get fucked!
Bubs, calm down.
Calm down!
Don't fuck my car.
Cory, Jacob, round up the Roc-Pile, see if they'll help us out.
Offer 'em a quarter pound of these fucking things, okay?
It's all right.
A little bump here, boys.
We've got this though.
I mashed my ball.
No, like I mashed it good.
Pretty much picked all of 'em, we're gonna have to look for stragglers.
So spread out, boys.
I can't believe there were mushrooms under all these trailers  and we didn't even know.
You one sly-ass motherfucker.
It wasn't me, it was fucking Jesus God.
Yo, stop, everybody.
Yo, I got a hole in my bag.
You got a hole in your fucking head.
See if you can figure it out.
Solve it, Cory.
Can I put my bag in your bag?
Sure, man.
Yeah, man.
Double bag, double mushrooms.
Double fucked!
They're going under the trailers  and they have bags.
Those sneaky fuckers.
They're growing weed under there, guaranteed.
Move in a little closer, Georgio.
Yeah, that's what they're doing,  growing weed under the trailers.
You moron!
Maybe they're not doing anything illegal.
I think we should do nothing, and just leave them alone.
You paranoid, psychotic lunatic!
That's enough!
Go make yourself useful!
Go make some popcorn!
They're all there.
There's Cory, there's Jacob.
The Roc-Pile's there.
Look at this, Jim.
This is great.
All the boys.
Julian, Ricky, Bubbles.
We've got these bastards.
Hey, we found a whole batch over here, dude!
Yeah, there's a few under here, too, Cory.
Make sure you get those.
Ricky, how are you doing?
We must be getting close, boys.
Let's pick these and take 'em back and weigh them.
Hey, baby.
No, I can't make it today.
Yeah, beer meetings all afternoon.
I know.
I miss you, too.
What the fuck is that thing?
Ah, decent!
It's a drone!
Who the fuck's flying it?
Is there somebody inside that thing?
No, Ricky.
Somebody around here...
Oh, just wait!
Just wait!
Oh my fuck!
That could be a police drone.
There's a camera on that thing, Ricky.
What are you talking about?
Okay, just act natural, everybody. fuck you!
Jesus Murphy!
...Ricky lighting off fireworks.
You sure no one's in there, Bubs, like Gazoo or something? fuck you, Gazoo!
Ricky, Gazoo was a fictional character on The Flintstones.
Holy fuck, boys.
That shit was real.
Put that fucking gun away!
You use your head.
Put it away!
What if that was a police drone?
Well, it's fucking dead now, isn't it?
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
Holy fuck!
That son of a fucking bitch!
Holy Jesus, Randy!
Now he's done it.
Ricky shot the drone down!
I'll get the bastards charged  with destruction of property, if nothing else.
Let's go, Jim.
Let's take them down.
Don't go down there, Mr. Lahey.
George is crazy.
Please don't go down that path.
You shut your fucking mouth.
You're nothing here but a waste of food.
You wanna get slapped across the face again,  you grease-covered minion?
Do you?
Keep talking!
Mr. Lahey, you've got to choose right now between George or me.
Oh, go cry in the fucking bedroom, Randy,  -you fat fucking cow!
Come on, Jim.
Let's go show them who's boss.
You're fired.
You heard me, George.
You're fucking fired!
Unbelievable, you fucking pussies!
We were that close to winning this whole thing.
You really want to think this through, Jim.
You can't fire me.
You need me!
I'm your muscle!
Is that right, George?
Well, guess what?
I'm the fucking supervisor and you are the fucking fired.
Now, get the fuck out of here.
Okay, fine.
I'll send them to jail myself.
Have a nice life, fuckheads!
Frig off, George!
Never cry shit wolf, George!
Good one, Mr. Lahey.
Thanks, Randy.
I love you, bud.
I'm sorry I didn't s... stick up for you a little bit sooner.
Well, you did, Mr. Lahey, and that's what matters.
I love you too, buddy.
Let's make Sunnyvale great again, Randy.
Okay, Mr. Lahey.
All right.
It's so cool these things came out of cows.
And they look like skinny dudes with big hats on 'em.
Cory, can I get your fucking brain analyzed by a profession...
Ricky, George Green's right behind us!
Hide the mushrooms. fuck's sakes, meet back at the shed,  I'll deal with this.
Get those fucking things weighed.
All right, let's go.
Can I fucking help you?
Hope so.
Oh, yeah?
Question for you, just curious.
What exactly are you doing under all the trailers?
None of your fucking business.
I've got a contract with Barb.
I'm allowed to be under any one of these fucking trailers.
I know what you're doing.
It took me about 10 seconds.
Growing weed.
Guess you should've thought of it a little longer than 10 seconds, George.
How the fuck would you grow weed under trailers?
It's dark and they're not high enough.
That is hands down the dumbest thing I have ever been accused of!
Then you don't mind if I take a look.
Knock yourself out.
I'm dealing with the fucking cow shit to get rid of the rodents, dummy!
Go ahead, get right under there, take a good fucking look, George.
Back off, Rick!
You're being detained anyway for destruction of property.
That drone you shot down, that was worth over $5,000.
No idea what you're talking about.
I fired one shot  at this weird-looking birdy thing, I don't think I hit it.
Better get the police down here to get this sorted out.
What do you think?
Or we could do this.
Jesus Christ!
I just replaced that fucking thing!
You can't smash every phone in this park, Rick.
Is that right?
Don't stray too far.
Lick my tan balls, how about that, George?
How we making out, boys?
Just getting the last ones on here.
Holy fuck,  -there's more than I thought though.
Right on.
I think we should be all right.
Okay, just wait.
What's it saying?
It's looking like... uh, 96, but...
Cory, stop leaning on the fucking thing!
Okay boys, with these,  the grand total with the other ones, 37.5 pounds.
Make it an even 37,  I'm not giving that piss goblet any extra, not for that fucking price.
Gotta move it out.
Cops are on the way. fucking George Green.
"Ooh, I shot down...
Whoa, whoa, whoa... fucking asshole!
I can't go if there's cops involved.
What are you talking about?
It was fucking dumb shooting that goddamned thing down.
No way I'm putting my relationship on the line  -over your fucking stupidity.
Just wait now.
If you're not going,  -I'm not fucking going.
I'm not going, man.
I wasn't even supposed to be involved.
Okay, boys.
What the fuck is happening here?
'Cause I'm not doing this by myself. fuck that!
So are we doing this,  or am I flushing these down the fucking toilet?
Ah, for fuck's sakes.
As soon as we do this fucking deal, boys,  we need to get some fucking food.
I'm dying here.
How about we just stay focused on the fucking job  and worry about food later?
I'd like a big hot dog, a jumbo dog or something maybe.
Whoa, whoa, whoa...
Okay, boys, boys, boys...
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
Are you kidding me?
It's okay.
The fuck is he doing putting his lights on?
I'm not even speeding.
You kidding me?
What is he-- Oh, my fuck, he's wheeling around.
You know what?
It must have been fucking George.
What an idiot!
He probably called the fucking cops.
But it's all right.
What are we gonna do?
Boys, everybody calm the fuck down.
We're good here, all right?
George didn't know about the mushrooms.
Just let Ricky do what Ricky does best.
We're fine.
Boys, I'm freaking out!
I'm freaking out!
Stay calm.
We're good.
We're okay here.
I wish I was fucking high, though, I know that.
Ricky, be quiet, be quiet.
...fucking idiot.
How are you doing today, sir?
I am doing fucking awesome.
How you doing?
J.P Cormier, just coming from the studio. the singer?
Oh, I got all your albums.
I love your music.
Oh, right on.
That's great.
Mr. Cormier, can you tell me why  you don't have a licence plate on your vehicle?
Yes, I can.
Good reason for that actually.
I just bought the car to put in a music video.
That's why it's missing the door and, uh,  we're gonna register it right now.
Oh, I see.
Hey, can you tell me which one of these two is Ricky?
We just dropped Ricky down at the mall.
He said he needed to buy some underpants or something  -and was gonna get a hold of us later.
Ah, shit, that's too bad.
I pulled you guys over  because of the incident at Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
What incident was that?
I wanted to shake Ricky's hand.
I heard what he did  to our ex-Chief of Police.
Shot down his drone! fucking hilarious.
I was there for that.
That was fucking funny.
He fucked him over good. fucking George.
George is so fucked!
Anyhow, George called it in, so we have to talk to Ricky.
Just doing our job.
Yeah, yeah...
Can you do me a favour?
Can you tell Ricky to just chill out for a bit,  so we don't have to drain any more of the Department's time and resources?
We can do that.
Don't know him that well, I got his number.
I'll give him a call and say, "Bud, fucking chill out.
You're wasting police money here.
It's not a cool thing, right?"  Great, thanks.
Well, listen, enjoy the rest of your day, guys.
Have a good one.
You, too, sir, thank you very much!
Oh, my fuck.
See, we're good.
Oh, oh!
Uh, I almost forgot.
Your brake light's flickering.
Okay, thank you.
Probably a loose bulb.
Why don't you pop the trunk?
I'll take a look for you.
Ah, you know what?
I really appreciate that  but we're kind of in a rush, and I couldn't anyway.
The guy that fucking owned the car before me  welded the fucking trunk shut.
It doesn't open.
Are you sure?
I don't see any of the... any welds on the seams.
Well, he... he said he went in through the back seat.
Something about it made the weld stronger...
He did.
...from underneath...
Hand me the keys.
I think he was just fucking with you.
I'll pop it open for you.
Know what?
That'd be great.
Anything you can do to help out, officer, I would really appreciate it.
Thank you.
Sir, is there another reason  why you don't want me to see inside your trunk?
God, no.
You can go in the trunk.
Have a little nap there if you want.
My trunk is fair game to everybody.
Mr. Cormier,  can you step out of the vehicle for me?
Sure, yeah.
I can do that. right in this area here or...
Okay, everybody out of the vehicle now!
Jesus, Ricky!
What are you doing?
We got no fucking choice!
There's four bags of fucking mushrooms in the trunk!
Oh, my fuck!
He's coming, boys!
He's coming after us, and he's coming hot!
We're okay, Bubs.
Look at the fucking lead I'm opening.
We're losing him!
Right turn here!
Right turn!
Oh, my Jesus Christ!
You're doing good, man!
You're doing good!
Right turn into the junkyard.
My God!
What the fuck?
Oh my fuck...
Take a right.
...we just blew the radiator.
Why are we turning into a fucking junkyard?
We're gonna have to bail!
We're gonna blow the fucking engine!
Stay to the right!
Oh, yeah, let's go into a junkyard, Julian,  where we have no fucking escape route!
Just shut the fuck up!
We're gonna bail!
The temperature's going right up here, okay?
We're gonna have to fucking go into the woods...
Oh, yeah, let's have a fucking foot pursuit!
That's even better!
When I stop, grab a bag of mushrooms, get the fuck into the woods, Bubs!
We're fine here!
We're okay.
Let's go!
Everybody out!
"Yeah, this will be easy," you said.
Now we're in a fucking foot pursuit!
Grab a fucking bag of mushrooms! fuck, I think we lost them, boys. fucking sucks about my car but I guess I'll get another one.
How the fuck do you expect  they're not gonna just trace that one back to us anyway?
Because when I bought it, I signed Randy Lahey.
I think we did it, boys.
We're in the fucking clear.
I fucking hope so...
Just wait!
Oh, the fucking K9 unit!
All right, let's run!
K9 unit!
God damn it!
I forgot how fun it is running from the cops!
Oh yeah, this is a fucking treat, Ricky!
Just a fucking treat!
I fucking love you guys.
Get the fuck in the truck!
Thank God for country people...
Get in!
...leaving their fucking keys in their vehicles.
Are we just taking a truck?
We're just fucking taking it.
Let's just go, Ricky.
Hey, fuckers!
Jesus Christ, fuck!
Everybody okay?
I hope to fuck they're still here.
There he is.
Let's just get this fucking over with, boys.
Oh, my God.
It's almost done, Bubs.
Oh, look who decides to show up.
Who the fuck do you guys think you are, making us wait out here  for over a goddamn hour? fuck you, fuck you and fuck you!
That's it, the deal is off!
You can't even imagine what the fuck we just went through to get here!
We've got the 'shrooms.
Give us our fucking cash!
Guys, guys...
I'm just fucking around with you.
Jesus Christ, cold play!
Yeah, you almost got fucking shot.
All right, come on, guys.
Let's do this motherfucking deal, huh?
I'm gonna need you to shut that fucking shit down  right the fuck now.
You heard him, snail muff.
Shut the fucking cameras down!
Holy fuck I was hungry.
Here, boys.
These are as cold as a whore's heart.
Thanks, buddy.
This had to be  the most fucked up, scariest day of my life.
I hear you.
But was it fucking worth it, though?
There you go!
Boys, you realize  this is the first time in history  that we've pulled off a job this successfully?
No, it's not.
It is, Ricky.
Now, knock on wood, everybody.
I mean, it was a bit risky.
It was pretty dumb but, boys,  our future's looking pretty fucking bright right now.
Really fucking bright.
Corey Hart couldn't look at our future, baby.
Here we fucking go!
I don't think so!
What do you want?
Get the fuck out of here!
Tell that dick-twisted George Green to leave me the fuck alone.
He called the cops on me for nothing!
Calm the frig down, Ricky.
I'm not calming the frig down. fuck you!
Lahey fired George.
We come in peace.
I'd like to take this opportunity  to wipe the slate clean, Julian.
Oh, yeah?
How you gonna do that now?
Julian,  I'm gonna tell you something.
And after I finish telling you,  you're probably gonna wanna beat the shit out of me.
But it's a shit weight I need to have lifted off my shoulders.
Mr. Lahey, are you sure...
Randy and I...  we had $25,000 we were gonna give to you, Julian,  and honest...
But I lost it at the racetrack.
You lost 25 grand at the fucking racetrack?
Are you fucking kidding me?
I was drunk, Julian.
I was drunk!
Julian, just... take a deep breath.
Now we have nothing, Julian.
We're totally broke.
If I ever... money,  I would give it to you.
All of you, Julian.
I'm sorry, so...
You can... pound the shit out of me if you want to,  but please don't fucking let Ricky come every fucking day  for the rest of our lives and wreck our fucking trailer!
Okay, Julian...
We'll fucking see, won't we?
Take a deep breath, Julian.
Think hard about this.
You think about the future that we were just talking about.
And if you hold him down and pound on him,  what's that going to accomplish?
Use your brains.
What are you talking about, pounding?
It took a lot of balls to tell me the truth.
Thank you, I appreciate it.
There you go.
Let it out.
You know what?
We're all getting too old for this bullshit,  -okay?
And our lives are finally coming together,  and I'm getting married for fuck's sakes.
There we go.
Congratulations, Julian.
So, it's like...
Look, just...
I think what he's trying to say... and I speak for all three of us.
I do.
We are willing to let the past be the past.
That's great.
Yeah, okay.
For the future.
That's very gracious of you, guys.
And, uh, I think I can speak for the...
Thanks, Mr. Lahey.
As I was saying, I think I can speak for the two of us too,  and we agree, the past is the past.
Yeah, that's what I just said, Randy, but good try, bud.
This is very exciting!
A new era.
All right, you're sweaty, you smell.
Might be too early for that type...
That's it, Randy!
Okay, that's enough.
Might be too early for that.
I love you, Randy.
All right.
Thanks, Julian.
Thanks, Julian.
Have a good night, fel...
Ricky, Rick!
He shit himself.
He shit himself.
So does that cancel everything we just talked about? fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Where the fuck is he, man?
People are driving me nuts!
Chill the fuck out.
I'm trying to talk to the camera here. fucking talk, then.
Well, today's a big day.
We're making this announcement that's gonna fucking  change the lives of everybody here in Sunnyvale.
You know, Sunnyvale's our home.
We care about each and every one of these people.
How much longer do we have to wait, for fuck's sake?
Murray, shut the fuck up or go the fuck home!
All right?
We're doing this for you, for fuck's sake! fuck you! fuck me?
Holy shit, Bubs!
What the fuck is this?
Check that out. fucking silver space ship. fucking right.
Look at that, man.
It looks like a spaceship.
Check it out.
Check it out, boys.
Julian, you didn't make the announcement without me, did you?
We wouldn't do that without you, man.
Here, you do the honours.
What's the big fucking announcement?
Bobby, I swear to fuck, you say one more fucking word.
Say one more fucking word!
Ricky, it's all right.
It's all right.
Hey, everybody!
Sorry for the wait.
I know you all know I started this little beer company  a few months back because you guys all kept me in business.
So I wanna thank you for that.
Well, Ricky and Julian are my new partners  and we are very happy to announce that as of today,  Freedom 35's gonna be available right across Canada!
Yeah, and... you guys are all gonna be a part of the new company.
Yes, sir.
That's our way of, you know,  giving something back to the park  that's given so much to us over the years.
We care about everybody here.
So anybody that needs a job, you just fucking got one.
And that goes for Lahey and Randy, too.
You know, it's been like fucking Armageddon around here  ever since I got out of jail  but I think we really turned a corner  and I'm looking forward to a... a bright and wonderful post-apocalypstic future.
Okay, everybody, thanks for coming out.
I hope the surprise was worth the wait.
That wasn't the whole surprise.
Actually, Julian, the old Bubbler has a couple of tricks up his sleeve.
No way.
Not actually, Ricky.
Not my real sleeve.
Everybody, today we are having... the fucking... double stag party  to end all double stag parties!
No fucking way!
We've got more fucking beer than you can shake a stick at.
We've got food, we've got weed.
All the fellas are invited.
Today's for getting fucked up, everybody.
What are we gonna get? fucked up!
I can't hear you!
What are we gonna get? fucked up!
When people get married, they do have a stag.
That is normal, right?
I know, I know, but sometimes girls...
Hey boys, get the fuck in here.
It's time for surprise number one.
Get ready to be freaked out.
What do you got going on here, Bubs?
What is this, fucking Dexter's kill room or something?
No, no.
Just come in.
Come in.
What the fuck's happening, man?
Well, my two best friends are all grown up,  and getting married and everything,  and it just got me thinking about, you know, when we were kids  and how much shit we used to get into.
So, boys, I went around the park  and I was asking people if they had any old footage of us.
Peterson had this in her shed.
Oh, no.
Are you ready for this?
Watch this.
I remember that hash!
Hot knives!
Right on!
That is awesome.
Doin' blades!
Oh yeah, check this, boys.
Holy shit, isn't that Lahey's old place?
No way, is this the day?
This is it, Ricky.
This is it, this is the day.
Can't believe it.
Right in the bird!
You got him, Ricky.
Went right in his pee hole.
Sorry, bud. fuck's happening here?
You guys remember this day?
Remember how drunk he was?
...six hours.
Look at Barb!
Look at Barb!
That was one of the best... one of the best space sessions we ever had.
We were young.
Had to start sometime.
Oh, you used to be so cute!
I think that's the first time I ever drank liquor.
What were you, 12?
We were young, we were young.
I think that car's still at the bottom of the lake.
Bubs, get over here, man.
That was awesome.
Give me a hug.
That was the coolest fucking thing I've ever seen in my life, man!
Bring it in, Bubs.
That was badass, buddy!
Right on.
Congratulations, boys.
Okay, you guys ready to go get fucked up or what?
Let's do it!
Gotta stop by my trailer for a minute.
All right, let's go.
Hey T, can you get all the boys down to the gravel pit?
I'll meet you there.
I got you, B.
All right.
So I don't want you worrying about me today, okay?
I promise I won't get too fucked up.
No, I want you to get fucked up.
It's your stag party, babe.
You for real?
I mean, don't get, you know,  bang-a-stripper messed up, but have fun.
Baby, I don't want to be banging any strippers, believe me.
Baby, I don't want you around any strippers.
What the fuck you talking about?
Of course there's going to be strippers.
It's a stag party.
STAG: Strippers That Are Greasy.
There's going to be strippers.
Right, Bubs? don't know that for sure.
It's not a big deal.
We're just gonna look at them.
It's not like we're gonna fucking tee off on them  -or finger blast them or anything.
What does that even mean?
Get some shit going.
Not gonna do it.
We're just gonna look at them.
I don't care if you look at male strippers.
Maybe we will.
If you lay a finger on them, I swear to God...
Don't do it, Ricky.
I hear you.
Don't grab any fucking cocks.
Well, if you touch any strippers,  you come home, I'm gonna have a cock in each pocket.
Why would you even say that?
I didn't say, "Hey,  gonna get a bag full of tits and come home...
If you come home with a fucking bag full of tits...
I'm not going to, Susan!
...the stupidest thing.
Love you.
Love you too, baby.
Have fun.
You too.
Prepare for some drunken banging when I get back, all right?
Okay, baby.
All right.
I love you, babe.
Have fun.
All right, boys.
Let's do it!
Holy fuck, this thing is badass, man!
Is this real wood?
Oh, you're fucking right, it's real wood, Ricky.
It's all mahogany, I think.
A smoke eater, too.
That's awesome, for smoking the dope.
A fucking flat screen TV!
Are you kidding me, buddy?
Ricky, it's got a satellite dish too.
I got all the fucking channels. fuck off!
There's a Rambo marathon on tonight, boys.
Maybe we could watch that when we're all fucked up later.
Yeah, no.
Yeah, we could, or maybe we'll do some other shit.
We'll see what happens.
I just can't believe you own this fucking thing.
Well, I technically do, Ricky, and I'll probably end up living in it.
But, I mean, I feel like we all own it, you know?
Yeah, but we don't.
You own it, right?
You just said that.
Well, we could all have one very soon, Ricky.
I mean, you know, the beer guy said  if everything goes the way it should,  we're going to make 90 grand this year possibly.
Think about that.
You shut the fuck up!
That's 30 grand each.
Holy fuck!
Set for life!
Bubs, where you going?
You just passed the fucking road to the pit.
No, we got one more stop to make first, Julian.
So I said, you can't had herpes.
Sarah, I'm so sorry for how I acted.
I mean, I'm sure it must be difficult for you to accept  that Ricky and I are getting married but I feel like we're all adults.
Okay, wait.
You think that I'm upset that you're marrying Ricky?
I couldn't be happier.
I can't believe anybody would marry him.
What the fuck do you mean by that?
Well, like I've slept with him a couple times over the years.
Like, you know, he's really good in bed, okay?
But I wouldn't marry him in a million years.
Well, he may be good in bed but he is one shitty handyman.
Yeah, he's a total fuck-up.
No offence, Trin.
None taken.
He is great in bed.
I don't think anybody's disputing that.
Oh my God, guys!
It's my dad.
Has anyone not slept with him?
Seriously, anybody?
I haven't.
Well, I'm not saying anything.
Yes, sir.
I can be there in, uh, 15 minutes.
Sorry, ladies.
Duty calls.
Yeah, there's a really big case I've been working on  for the past several months.
An international drug case.
Ooh, that sounds exciting.
One step closer to being a judge.
Cheers to dicks.
Have fun.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
We won't.
Grab a seat, boys.
What the fuck are we doing here?
Isn't there food at the pit?
Yeah, there's food at the pit.
I just wanted to come here  and I thought it was the perfect place to make a toast.
All right.
You guys don't even realize  where we are, do you?
We're at the fucking school.
Yeah, why are we here?
We should be at the fucking pit getting fucked.
Boys, this is where we were sitting  the first time you ever mentioned the words "Freedom 35", Julian.
Holy fuck, the memory on you.
Yeah, that's the day you picked us up at jail.
Yes, sir.
Wow, man.
Oh, my fuck!
And then we went to steal car stereos.
Yes, we did.
Are we gonna steal car stereos?
No, Ricky, no.
I just wanted to come here  and just, you know, make a toast,  -because I love you guys.
We love you too, man.
You're fucking right we do.
To friends, family,  and to my best friends getting married.
And to never giving up.
And to ever never going back to jail.
We did it, boys.
To Freedom 35.
To Freedom 35.
Let's just take it in.
Well, now we got that out of the way.
Let's go to the pit and get fuckin' fucked out of our fuckin' minds!
Let's do it!
Let's go.
Come on, boys.
Let's go, Bubs.
Come on, buddy.
I thought we could sit here for a minute and enjoy the sentimentality of it.
Look at all this shit, man.
This is fucking amazing!
Boys, I want you guys to have the best day  you've ever had in your entire fucking lives.
Look at all the people.
And what the fuck's with these cars, Bubs?
They're not for what I think they are, are they?
Oh, you're fucking right they are, Ricky.
Oh, yeah!
We're having a smash-up derby  and once they're fucking sufficiently immobilized, guess what?
We're going to shoot them with machine guns  and then blow them up with fucking dynamite!
No, we're fucking not!
I got everything from Reggie, baby.
You are fucking awesome!
Everything from Reggie.
Man, this is gonna be fucking incredible!
Let's fucking get some drinking going, boys!
Everybody, let's get this party started!
Just wait..
What the fuck are you doing?
You can't cook a burger to save your fucking life!
Randy, get on the cheeseburger detail, bud.
Okay, Bubbles.
Lahey,  get the liquor flowing, will you?
Come on.
Cory, Jacob,  there's about a hundred cases of beer on there.
You guys hump 'em off there, please.
Cool, man.
I got one already.
Well, just go get the fucking cases.
You take off the hundred and you can have a six pack between yous.
Hey, everybody, without further ado, I'd like to hand over the floor  to the master of grease ceremonies...
Do it, T!
Yes, man.
Y'all make some noise for my mans, Ricky and Julian, y'all!
Right on, T!
All right.
Look at the size of that...
...this little bitch into my lungs.
How's it going?
Here we go.
I'm not allowed to touch you today but I'm allowed to look at you.
I am!
I am!
Right on!
I'm pretty fucking impressed with what Bubble's pulled together  for this stag party.
It's fucking incredible.
We've got ladies, fucking food with the burgers,  cars to fucking smash up and then blow up and shoot,  guns, kablammo powder...
This could be the best stag party in the history of the fucking world.
The only thing that might make it better would be a fucking magic unicorn  sh1tting golden nickels on us from a rainbow.
Boys, drive some more burgers into you.
There's tons of food.
Get some more food.
Keep cooking, Randy.
Boys, are you ready to get the fucking smash-up derby going or what?
You're goddamn right!
Let's fucking do it, man!
I mean, I don't want to break up the par-tay here.
It's okay, we'll be back.
We'll be back, ladies.
Boys, you ready to get the smash-up derby going?
Do we get a car, Bubbles?
You're goddamn right you get a car.
Lahey, you're fucking driving.
All right!
Everybody get your fucking helmets on.
Safety first!
Gentlemen, start your engines!
Helmets on, Ricky.
I'm not wearing a fucking helmet.
Yes, you are wearing a fucking-- -It'll fuck up my hair.
Ricky, would you rather have fucked-up hair or a fucked-up brain?
Okay, boys, climb in.
Let's get this fucking thing going!
Yo, dude, our doors are locked.
It's fucking chained shut, Cory.
You've got to go in through the window.
Look out, Mr.
Holy fuck this is awesome!
I'm coming to get you, Lahey!
Aw, dude, man, Cory, look out! fuck you, Lahey and Randy!
All right, who the fuck else wants a piece of me?
Eat my ass, Lahey!
All right, come on, Bubbles!
No, Ricky!
Not head-on! fuck off, man.
You can't get hurt!
Yes, you can!
Oh, you think so, do you, you little fuckers? fuck's sake, Rick! fuck, Ricky, watch the...
Fatal mistake, Cory and Jacob.
Here comes the Bubbinator!
Aw, dude.
What's going on?
Start the car, dude!
Bubs, Julian, they can't start their car.
Malachi fuckin' Crunch!
Hey dude, what's a Malachi Crunch, dude?
Get the fuck out of my way!
Just back the fuck up!
Boys, not the Malachi Crunch!
All right!
Hit it!
Do it!
Right on, Julian.
That was fucking perfect. shit, dude.
I can't believe...
Oh, man what's wrong, dude?
You okay?
I think so.
I think I might have broke this thing again, though.
Broke what thing?
Your neck?
I think so.
Jacob, stop being a pussy.
You can't break your neck twice  -in the same place.
It's impossible.
No, it's not, Ricky.
You can totally do that.
Well, can you walk?
I think so.
All right.
Cory, drag him the fuck out of there.
Go lay down in the RV and relax.
You're not ruining a perfect fucking day with a goddamn broken neck, Jacob.
Well, just be careful with him.
These cars are about as fucked up  as they're going to get from driving them.
What do you say we shoot these cocksuckers  -and then blow them up? fuck, yeah!
All right, I'll get my homemade kablammo powder!
Right on, Bubs.
Best day ever, buddy!
Hi, baby.
Slow down. why is it off?
Japanese mafia?
What are you...?
No, listen to me.
Listen to me.
No, no, babe, babe, let me...
Stop yelling.
For fuck's sakes!
What the fuck's going on, man?
Are you all right?
No, I'm not all right!
Candy just broke up with me.
What the fuck did she say?
I don't know, man.
She was screaming at me,  calling me a liar and... something about the fucking Japanese mafia.
Told me to get a lawyer, shit's coming down.
I don't fucking know, man.
It sucks but...
So, you're not getting married?
Apparently not, Ricky.
That's fucking amazing! fuck you!
No, seriously.
If you're not getting married, I'm definitely not getting married!
It's fucking perfect.
I gotta go fucking deal with this.
No, no, no, no.
No, I'm dealing with this...
This is an awesome day...
Get the fuck out of my way!
It just got awesomer.
Think about it.
We're fucking single now.
I don't want to be single!
Okay, well, trust me on this one.
When they're fucking worked up, yelling and screaming at you,  you've got to let them calm down.
It's happened to me, and that's the best fucking thing.
Let them calm down.
All right.
Okay, let's go blow some shit up.
Yes, let's go blow some shit up!
Deal with this later.
Thank you.
Holy frig, your neck is crooked, Jacob.
Thank you.
Holy fuck, these are amazing, Bubs!
Where did you get these fucking things? fucking Reggie just got 'em in.
All right, boys.
Listen, that's fucking full of kablammo powder.
The first one to hit the sweet spot, that baby's going up.
Right on.
I'm hitting it.
You guys ready?
Do it.
All right.
One, two, three, fire!
Holy fuck!
That was fucking incredible, man!
Let's do another one.
You want me to wire up another one, Ricky?
Let's do it!
Wait, wait, wait... what's that?
Is that sirens?
They sound like they're far away, though.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Come on.
In the RV.
Come on, buddy.
Hey, Julian.
Jacob's really not feeling very well, boys.
He's going...
Get the fuck in!
Get the fuck in!
Everybody in.
What are we doing?
We're not taking them.
Get in!
Let's go!
Let's blow up another one!
Get the fuck in here, Bubbles!
Julian, what the fuck is going on here?
I don't know.
Just give me a second to think.
Well, why are we fucking leaving?
Like, we didn't really do anything wrong.
And is this cop...
What's this?
Is this here for us?
Holy fuck.
Bubs, just give me a fucking second here!
Am I fucking driving or are we pulling over?
What is happening?
Keep fucking driving.
Where the fuck am I going?
Ricky, just pull over.
Keep driving until I fucking sort this out.
What do you mean sort it out?
Sort what out?
All right.
Candy called me earlier.
She said it was fucking... something about me  being involved with the Japanese mafia or something.
I think it has something to do with the mushroom deal.
Oh, do you fucking think, Einstein?
And there's fucking more cops coming?
You didn't think to mention this?
Look at them, they're fucking coming in hot.
Pull this the fuck over right now, Ricky!
I'm not fucking pulling over now.
It's three fucking cop cars, Bubs.
You know what?
We can outrun them.
We got the perfect buzz on for this.
Ricky, we cannot outrun fucking three cops  -in this old fucking piece of shit!
Yes, we can.
We just need to make it to Moncton, cross the fucking border  and we'll hide out in Moncton.
They can't fucking touch us there.
Oh, we're making a run for the county line, are we, Ricky?
This isn't fucking Porky's!
Pull the fucking thing over.
Bubs, I can fucking outrun them.
Just punch it.
So I said to him, "I don't think that's gonna fit in there."  -[breaking news music on TV]
Holy fucking shit!
Police are now in pursuit of four suspects  believed to be involved in the drug bust in Halifax Pier yesterday  involving psilocybin mushrooms en route to Japan.
Hey, I think we lost them, boys.
Good driving, Rickles.
Well, hopefully they just fucking pulled back for safety reasons.
Watch the bumps, eh, boys.
I'm really hurting down here.
Here dude.
Are you okay, Jacob?
The fuck is that?
Jesus fuck!
There's a Channel 10 news chopper!
I thought we fucking shot it down with your rocket.
You did?
Oh, my fuck, no,  -they must have got a new one.
It is nice!
Holy fuck, Ricky!
That way, that way, that way!
Dead end up here.
Dead end!
Take a...
Do a U-ey!
Where am I going?
Just do a fucking U-ey!
Ricky, what in the fuck are you doing?
Over this way!
Over this way!
Back on the path!
Ricky, you hit every fucking thing in the park!
What the fuck did they do?
Put all this shit right in the fucking middle?
Oh fuck!
Cop, cop!
Oh, we're fucked, boys!
Stop the vehicle!
Just pull over.
How you doing?
Pull that fucking thing over!
A dramatic chase unfolding that Steve Rogers will continue  to report on despite a crippling fear of being back in the news chopper  after that horrendous crash several weeks back.
Those fucking idiots.
What a bunch of A-holes.
New information just coming in.
The RV apparently belongs to Bubbles of the Sunnyvale...
Oh my fuck, they named me!
...in crime, Ricky and Julian, are said to be on board as well.
Police now saying that the drugs, had they hit the streets of Japan,  would have been worth well over a million dollars.
A million dollars?
I knew that fucking guy was fucking ripping us off!
Turn this shit off.
Ricky, just pull over, please.
Let's just face the fucking music.
It's a little more complicated than that, Bubs.
Look, we're almost  at the highway.
It's pretty much a straight shot to Moncton from there.
Why are you still trying to get to fucking Moncton?
Dispatch, get this chopper out of here.
They still back there?
Oh, yeah, we've got fucking people cheering us on like fucking O.J.
Thank fuck the traffic's not dreadlocked.
We'd be really fucked.
We're almost at the fucking highway, boys.
We're gonna make it!
We're gonna make it, are we, Ricky?
It's one of those circley things.
What the fuck do you do with these?
Go, stay to the right, go around it, Ricky!
The circle or...?
Go around the circle.
Don't go too fast.
Dude man,  if you go backwards you could lose the chopper,  'cause choppers don't go backwards.
Dispatch in pursuit of a silver RV on Chipper Drive.
It's your fucking fault, Julian!
Why is it my fault?
Why do I listen to you?
We all agreed to do this.
Stop fucking trying to get around me! fuck off!
Get back in the fucking vehicle, Ricky!
...over this way.
He's gonna pass.
Over this way.
Jesus Murphy.
What the fuck are we gonna do here? fuck's sakes...
Half block.
You fucking idiot! fuck's sakes!
This fucking piece of shit must have shitty tires!
Every one of 'em just fucking blew at once!
Just pull over, Ricky.
We're on fucking rims.
We can make it still!
Ricky, you name one person on "Cops" you ever saw make it  on fucking rims.
I don't know their fucking names but...
I've seen't them fucking do it!
This is the Sunnyvale Police Department.
We have you surrounded.
Come out with your hands up.
All right, everybody calm the fuck down for a second here!
Just give us a second.
I think I can get us out of this, boys.
Just fucking stay with me here.
Oh, fuck.
My name is J.P. Cormier.
I've got my son-of-law in here.
He fucking pretty much snapped his neck in fucking half!
It's broken big time!
I didn't know you guys were following me till right now, okay?
Coming out.
Give us a second.
It's all good here.
Get out of the vehicle with your hands up now!
Our fucking whole lives down the tubes!
Don't worry.
I'll take the heat for everything.
Don't worry about it, Bubs.
Your life's not gonna change a bit, believe me.
Oh yeah?
You don't think my life changes if you go to jail?
That's the part you guys don't seem to understand.
Let's just go out and fucking deal with this.
Maybe we'll just get a warning if they don't have any fucking evidence.
Get the fuck out of the way, Jacob.
This isn't all about you, okay?
It's not quite that simple unfortunately, buddy.
What are you talking about? fuck's sakes.
Oh, my fucking fuck, Ricky!
Are you out of your mind?
Ricky, why didn't you fucking tell us about those?
Because I was saving it for an end-of-the-night surprise, all right?
I was gonna keep the party going with them.
Why didn't you tell us when we were moving?
We could have dumped the fucking things.
'Cause I thought we were gonna get away.
Wouldn't have anything to celebrate with then!
There must be fucking toilet.
Flush the fucking things.
Ricky, we're in a fucking RV.
You can't flush anything, it'll just go in the tank.
You know that they could just fucking... they can put these under a microscope  and match them up to the ones from the bust.
We're fucked!
That's it, boys.
Freedom 35 just turned into Incarceration 100.
Well, there's only one thing left to do.
We're gonna have to eat the fucking things.
Eat them?
There's enough of those fucking things to take down a moose!
There's a lot.
There is.
But we could fucking do it.
We can't eat them.
We'll die.
We're fucked.
No, we totally can, dude.
Back in the day,  I ate like a ton, a ton of 'shrooms.
Yeah, did you ever think maybe that's why you're fucked in the head, Cory?
It's over, boys.
Come out with your hands up.
What are we gonna do, boys?
Well, that depends on how bad we want fucking Freedom 35 here.
It's not just about us anymore.
It's about the entire future of everybody back at the park.
Well, I'm in.
I'm in.
Ah, man.
I guess so.
We're in.
And I'm in.
What do you say, Bubs?
Well, fuck it.
I guess I'm in too.
All right, we're coming out.
Just give us a couple of minutes.
We're dealing with a fucking guy with a broken neck  and a guy with a fucked-up brain!
But we are coming out.
To the future, boys.
Give me some.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my fuck.
Just eat 'em, boys.
These are fucking disgusting!
Ah, gross, dude!
Boys, if you mash them into a ball, they're not so bad.
Make a little mushroom ball and just pretend  it's... a nice risotto or somethin'.
Come on, Bubbles.
Come on, keep it together.
Keep it together.
You can do this.
Julian, how long has it been since we ate the fucking things?
I don't know.
20, 30 minutes maybe.
I'm not in the right frame of mind for this.
That's the problem.
Yeah, listen.
You can't be scared  or you're definitely gonna have a fucking bad trip  and be dealing with demons and fucking zombies  and bugs trying to fucking claw your eyes--  Ricky, Ricky, Ricky!
Stop it!
You're making it worse.
Are you feeling all right, Mr. Lahey?
Yeah, I feel okay.
How about you?
I think so.
Would we be talking about this if we were... frigged up?
I don't know!
Gentlemen, I've got good news and bad news.
Or what I would say, more like... okay news, semi-okay news or--  -What's the fucking news?
Oh yeah, okay.
I think we're gonna be okay on the drug charges.
Tommy did, in fact, rat you guys out,  but there's no hard evidence linking you guys to it.
So I'm pretty confident I can beat that.
But it's not gonna be cheap.
What about the other shit?
Well, the evading the police, uh,  damage to public and private property, et cetera, et cetera.
Now you're probably gonna have to eat that.
But, hey, at least no one got hurt, right?
My neck got broken actually.
Might be able to use that to our advantage.
Good job, buddy!
Okay, thanks, man.
Just keep us in the loop  -if anything comes up, all right?
We should talk fees.
We'll talk fees, okay?
But not right now.
And you better not fucking fuck me over again.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
I'll be in touch.
Julian, I'm definitely starting to notice  -that I'm not right.
Go with it.
Just go with it.
I'm not right.
I'm starting to feel...
How long does it take for them to totally kick in?
I think they just did, boys.
Holy fuck!
Was I fucked?
I feel like a cartoon!
Oh my God!
This is fucking amazing.
You guys gotta try this!
You're spreading it, dude!
You guys seeing this too?
Ah, stop it, Ricky!
I'll protect you, Mr. Lahey.
I hope this never fucking ends!
Aw, dudes, this is dope.
We're cartoons! we're fucked.
You know what the best currency is?
And I just thought about this yesterday.
The best currency,  the most valuable of all,  is gratitude.
And if...
When you're dead, you're dead,  but you're not quite so dead  if you contribute something. fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
I'm retired police officer Jim Lahey.
And I'm Barbara Lahey!
Take time to stop...
...and smell the flowers...
At Sunnyvale Villas Retirement Community.
If you're over the age of and are looking for a relaxing, stress-free lifestyle...
Without the worries of criminal activity, alcohol and drugs...
Come make Sunnyvale Villas your semi-inclusive retirement paradise.
Enjoy three-and-a-half star dining with master chef Bubbles.
As well as numerous activities to keep you active and alive, such as hay-ride bingo...
Bowling, yoga...
And then unwind at our relaxing Mystic Fingers Day Spa.
Let our certified staff work out all your tight spots after a long day of fun!
Our grounds are patrolled by retired SAS Officer and highly decorated war hero, Colonel Leslie Dancer.
So come settle in at the end of the silver rainbow.
Join us at Sunnyvale Villas Retirement Community.
Old people...
New friends!
I'd say we did pretty damn good, Barb.
Aw, do you think?
I thought I looked just a little bit heavy.
You kidding?
You look as beautiful as the first day I ever laid eyes on you.
Sorry, am I interrupting something?
Randy, do you not know how to knock?
What do you want, Rand?
I moved yoga class up.
Your, uh, little A.A.
Colonel buddy has... intel that, uh, Ricky and Julian are being released in a few hours.
Oh, great idea.
Well, actually, we are all ready to go.
Sorry, it's been a while since I've seen little Brad.
Little Brad?
Yeah, little Brad.
A River Runs Through It, Seven Years in Tibet, Legends of the Fall, Troy...
Oh my God, you named your penis after Brad Pitt?
He didn't name it, I did!
That's enough.
This erection's for you, Barb.
Oh, th... this conversation is revolting and it's over!
I'm going to yoga, and you... can work it out.
You look ridiculous, Randy.
I'm going to yoga.
Go de-grease yourself.
He's not friggin' yours anymore!
This time in jail was my best ever.
I took some really fucked up courses.
I took a sewing course, which I wasn't great at.
The machine kept biting my fingers, but...
I took this other course, and when you're baked, I was really fucking good at that.
You take flowers, like different colors and styles and... you put them in these thinly, glassy buckets.
And yeah, I got a fucking job waiting for me when I get out of here.
Hey, Ricky.
Hey, D.C.
What's up, man?
I need some shit before you bust, man.
You sure you can't take any more?
I need to get rid of this stuff.
I'm out of here in an hour.
Spread the word.
Guards say they'd take some.
And the other thing I realized in jail this time was that my family and my unbornt gram-child are way more important than killing Lahey and George Green and ending up back in here forever.
So, I'm going to do what the old man used to always say: "Let guy bonds be guy bonds".
'Cause once you're bonded, nobody gets hurt.
That way I can get Lahey and George out of this fucking thing and not want to kill them.
I never felt so good getting out of jail.
You know, healthy body, healthy mind, no stress.
That's the pathway to success.
And so is this:    reverse psychology.
Because the last thing on earth I want to do is get revenge on Jim for fucking me over.
Reverse psychology.
It's great, I love it.
I also realized that by reacting to Lahey, I'm just feeding him.
You know, and that's what gives him his power.
So all I've got to do is stop feeding him... me, and just concentrate on investing that little nest egg I've got waiting for me.
You know, I heard there's been a lot of changes going on in Sunnyvale since I've been in here, and it's a little scary, but change is good, it's exciting.
Just can't wait to be part of it all again.
And get the fuck out of here.
Can't wait.
A lot of changes been going down since Jules went away, you know what I'm saying?
It's all good though.
I got T's Axi keeping me busy.
You need a taxi?
Just axe me.
And them old hoes, they be loving they Driving Miss Daisy.
I've been working part-time with Sarah at Mystic Fingers, doing my thing, you know what I'm saying?
I just hope Jules is down with this new setup and all.
Things have changed quite a bit around here, but I think it's awesome.
I've been going full tilt.
I opened up my own strip mall: Sunnyvale Plaza.
I've been doing hay-ride bingo, I've got a bowling lane over there.
We've been having lawn darts the seniors are whipping around.
It's been really fantastic.
I opened up this place right here: Talko's Take-Out, in memory of poor little Talko, mulched up in Ricky's thing there...
Oh my fuck, he got mulched!
Anyway, I cook all the meals for the seniors there.
And I mean, once the park fills up with people, this is going to be a fucking gold mine.
Julian's going to be very proud of me.
What's up?
I just got a regular.
I want everyone to step out of the car, please.
Arms out.
We're at level security today, Tyrone.
Oh, man, are you serious?
This will only take a few seconds.
You're good.
Arms out, ma'am.
Yo, is this really necessary, man?
Unfortunately, yes.
It is necessary. someone tried to smuggle in a bottle of cooking sherry last week.
Now, was that a good idea?
I don't know, Colonel Miyagi.
Was it?
Alcohol is the true killer, son.
Now pop the trunk.
Thank you for your cooperation.
And I hope you have yourselves a very lovely day.
Your attention, please.
For your safety,     a hour curfew has been implemented.
Thank you, from all of us at Sunnyvale Villas.
Stay safe, stay sober.
I'm Colonel Leslie Dancer.
And breathe...
Cory, hurry the fuck up!
I got fucked over by Eon's.
They do this thing where they're like, "Yeah, come on in, get all the shit you want.
You don't pay a cent for fucking eons." That's what they tell you, but...
I ended up buying all kinds of things I normally wouldn't spend the money on.
I mean, that thing was expensive.
Big fancy lamps and... you know, I got all kinds of shit.
Like, look at the futuristic backsplash.
"Modern contemporary", they call it.
You know, so I got all that shit.
And, you know, it's Don't Pay a Cent Event, and then next thing you know, six months goes by and all of a sudden it's the, Okay Now Pay Every fucking Cent All at Once Event.
That's what it turns into, you know.
And it kind of fucks you.
It's all bullshit if you ask me.
Get the fuck out, you cock-sucker...
Just hang on, Marguerite, I'll be right there!
Jesus Christ, I know you're supposed to respect your olders, but some of them are fucking crazy!
Okay, guys, listen.
There was another Samsquanch sighting last night, so you're going to have to stay indoors again.
I'll put on that video you love, though.
Here, look.
Look, the birds and the squirrels.
Jesus Christ.
I'm going to fucking rip your nuts out!
Jesus, I'm sorry about that, Marguerite.
It won't happen again.
Oh, bullshit, it won't!
And how many times do I have to ask you for crispy fucking bacon in the morning?
I'm not paying for floppy bacon, and no detergent.
You're so goddamn fucking slow, useless.
Jesus Murphy, I'm sorry.
I'll get you an extra slice of rhubarb pie tonight for supper.
Hey, Bubbles.
I said we late, man, huh.
I said we late.
Loud music and bad language is forbidden in this park.
Hold on, Mr. Belvedere, I can't really hear you, bitch.
That better, dawg?
Oh, this how we gon' do it?
This going down?
What you doing, bitch?
Can't go on my bus without...
Help my fuck, you did not just do that, mah-fucker.
Let me tell you something.
I ain't give a fuck how many Hulk Hogans you took down, you know what I'm saying?
The S.S. bitch Slap's about to board.
I'ma knock your lights out, you know what I'm saying, navy slut?
J-Roc, calm down.
Wait till my business partner finds out what the fuck you did, dawg.
Julian ain't gonna be happy about this.
Then we'll see what's up, won't we?
Then we'll see what's up, won't we?
Just get on the bus.
I look forward to meeting him.
There you go, Colonel!
Thank fuck.
The cops and the guards bought a ton of hash off me this time when I was in jail.
And they're fucking great customers 'cause they pay full price, 'cause they're fucking dumb.
And I think it's great for the town, because now that they buy hash off me, they're roaming around with a little hash buzz on, doing their stupid little patrols.
And since they started smoking hash, police brutality: way fucking down.
How's it going?
How's my little gram-son?
Hey, little buddy.
Grampy's back.
And he's got hash money.
Check that shit out.
Oh my God, he just kicked.
Where's Orangie?
Oh, man, he's with Bubbles.
See what a nice job Bubbles did setting up the baby's room.
Looks great.
You have to see it.
Let's go.
All right.
Let's stop at the second handed store first though.
I want to pick up some stuff to sit on, stuff to light stuff up at night, stuff to eat off of.
Can I pick up Cory?
He can help load.
No, we can't pick up fucking Cory.
I told you, it's fucking family day. fuck Cory.
Well, you know, family time is important.
See, Trinity hasn't seen her dad in a while, and Jacob's kind of part of the family, so... you know, I haven't seen him around lately.
But I get it, I do.
It's just, you know, I miss him.
But that's cool.
You know, they get to spend time together as a family, and I get to spend time stacking these pins.
Doesn't bother me at all. fuck out of the way, Cory!
Hey Donna, look what I brought you!
You want to go to the bedroom and get some dirty stuff going?
No, I don't want to go to the bedroom, you musky manatee.
Get that sweaty dill pickle away from me.
I remember when this sweaty dill pickle used to turn you on.
I don't.
You're disgusting, Randy.
Oh, you're calling me disgusting?
Well, at least I don't have stink finger from massaging seniors all day!
You hoarder!
You can call me a whore, but don't you dare call me a hoarder!
Now go take a shower.
You and James Gandol-peeny there.
And wash under his turtleneck.
Watch that stuff, that's organized!
Things haven't been going too good with Donna and I.
She wanted me to get a haircut, so I got this bitchin' mohawk.
I think it makes me look slimmer.
She doesn't like it.
There he is!
Hey, Bubbs!
How's it going, buddy?
Hey, J-Roc.
What's up, my man?
Good to see you, homey.
Nice fucking ride, man!
What's up, Paul?
Good to see you guys. fucking good to see you, Julian.
How was jail?
Oh, it was all right, man, but why'd you guys stop coming to visit me?
You know what it's like, man.
Just got busy...
Getting ready for you to get out...
All right, that's cool.
Listen, I've got big plans for our money.
So let's go back to my bar, get drunk, and fucking talk about it.
What's wrong?
Bubbs, you're fucking lying to me.
What's wrong?
Nothing, just...
Just what?
Hey, can I be straight with you right quick?
Um, it's like, we still got a nest, you know what I mean, but it's like there ain't no egg up in there.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Money's gone, bitch.
Oh, just hang on...
The money's not gone.
It's not gone.
The egg's just not in the nest.
It's scrambled and spread out.
Know what I'm saying, like an omelet.
It's like a omelet, financial omelet.
Omelet, financial omelet.
We just reinvested it, Julian, but we got all kinds of assets now.
We got a... like a plaza.
It's like a mall.
Wait till you see it, dawg.
Strip mall.
It's, you know, we got a spa, we got fucking five-star take-out restaurant with Chef Bubbles.
And who has one drink and one thumb and owns part of this party bus?
You, hah!
You spent my fucking money on this piece of shit?
Correction, dawg, I spent our money on this piece of shit.
You've got to be fucking kidding me!
Julian, come on, dawg, we had to do something when Barb closed your bar down.
Barb closed my bar down?
That's right. what the fuck...
What are you guys talking about?
Now what's up?
Lahey and Barb changed Sunnyvale Trailer Park into a retirement community for old people.
So your bar's like a spa now.
But Julian, trust me, you're going to be fucking blown away.
It is dizzope, isn't it, J-Roc?
I can't dizzisagree, that's the trizzoof.
Let's just get the fuck out of here, please.
Don't be mad, Julian.
Come here, I want to touch your belly!
Bubbs, stop it.
I said stop it.
Well, I said...
Well, I'm not in the fucking mood!
Stop it.
Who's kinda smiling?
Bubbs, you turned my bar into a fucking spa!
I didn't turn shit...
J-Roc, let's get the fuck going!
I'm trying, man...
I think I flooded it.
Nice fucking bus.
I got CAA, bitch.
Hang on.
You don't gotta yell.
Five free tows in the first year, br-r-rap!
You should probably stay in the car, Dad.
I'll go get Mom.
Actually, Trin, I want to make peace with the fucking dick for taking care of you guys.
That would be nice.
We've got to fucking go... we've got to go.
We've got to go right now.
What the fuck is going on...
How could you ride me two hours ago, and then just move out?
Look, George, I want to burn the hatchet at both ends.
And I want to thank you for looking after my family when I was in jail.
That's pretty big of you, bud.
Oh... motherfucker!
Jesus Christ...
Go ahead, hit me.
Come on, hit me!
There's nothing more I'd like to do right now than beat those little nipple-tits right off your fucking face.
But I can't, because my gram-son's more important.
Go away, Rick.
Take care of yourself, Georgie. fuck off.
Am I cut?
No, you're all right.
You're okay.
All right.
You drunk, Luce?
I had a couple.
We're a family again.
I can't wait to bang you, Lucy. fuck is up with this shit?
Gate, I told you about the gate.
Nice gate.
Thank you.
You must be Julian.
See, Julian, uh, as a minority shareholder of the park, you're welcome to come in, but... you're going to have to abide by the new rules.
Rule number one: no alcohol permitted in this park.
Did I not mention that?
Listen, Julian...
I'll have a word with the Colonel.
Maybe we can make an exception for you.
Rules are rules, Jim.
Can I go home now?
Play by the rules, and we'll get along just fine.
It's great to see you, Jim.
Did I miss anything?
Run along, Randy.
If we want something eaten, we'll call you.
I thought you told me there was no way that he would give up his drink.
I'm as surprised as you are!
Don't even think about it, soldier.
Let's put up the full gate.
Look the fuck out, Clarence.
Move it or lose it, sweet ass!
What do you think, Julian?
This is the future right here.
Why in the fuck is my trailer pink?
Welcome home, Julian!
It's pretty impressive, huh?
Can you believe this place used to be your shitty bar?
Come see.
Come on!
That went... pretty well.
I think.
So, what do you think?
Same time tomorrow, Mrs.
Johnson, holla!
T, man, tell me you're not part of this bullshit.
Man, a hustler's got to do what a hustler's got to do.
Grinding, helping my elderly.
Julian, he's amazing with his fingers.
You should be proud of him.
Should I be proud of you for changing my bar and fucking it up?
It's pink!
Ah, Julian, after all the blood, sweat and tears that we put into this place, I am...
Now I am really upset to hear you...
Oh, you're upset?
Yes, I am!
You know what, they made the park dry.
We couldn't serve booze in here anymore.
What the fuck did you want us to do?
How about coming to jail and fucking visiting me, and telling me you're going to change all this shit before you fucking change it!
What the fuck?
Are you kidding me?
Thanks, T!
Well, that has totally fucked my chakra!
What the fuck is this bullshit and who the fuck are you?
Well, well, well.
You must be Richard.
Ding, ding, ding!
I don't want any trouble, I just want to go home with my family.
I'm sorry, sir, but you are no longer welcome in this park.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Says who?
Says the man who hired me to do this job.
Now I advise you to back this vehicle up before I back it up for you.
Is that right?
I advise you to suck my cock before I suck my cock for you!
Lahey, who the fuck is this guy?
This is a decorated war hero, Colonel Leslie Dancer.
I hired him to protect the park, and it looks to me like he's doing a damn fine job.
Look, I'm using everything in me to stay calm right now.
I just want to go home, or I'm going to do something really fucking un-smart here.
Go ahead.
Make my day.
Oh, yeah?
You got it, Colonel octopus cock!
What do you think of that? fuck, fuck, fuck... fuck you! fuck you!
Ricky, turn off the fucking car!
Turn it off!
Ricky, It's not even doing anything, it's just melting your tires!
Let me into the fucking park!
You blew her good, bud!
Listen to me, this is what these guys want you to fucking do.
You've got to use your head, or we're going to fucking lose here, all right?
Come on, man.
Use your head.
Ricky, you fucked your tires.
Your family's welcome in the park, Richard.
It's only you that's not. fuck you, Lahey! fuck you!
Yeah, fuck you!
You can't break up our family.
This isn't fucking over, I can tell you that.
Bubbles, can you go get Orangie, man?
Apparently me and my family have to find a new fucking place to live!
Yes, I can... get him.
This is fucked!
Just put it in neutral, bud.
Jacob, get the fuck out here and give me a hand.
Is your fucking foot on the brake?
Lucy, do you want to give us a hand? fuck's sakes.
Holy fuck, this is heavy.
Who pissed on the fucking toilet seat?
Ricky, I'm... so sorry that things didn't work out for you the way you hoped.
You know what?
I couldn't be happier.
I'm out of jail, I've got my family back, I'm getting drunk and high as fuck.
I'm getting fucking banged tonight.
Yeah, me too.
Know where a fella can get a drink, bud?
Yeah, I've got to share though, man.
Thank fuck.
Did you bring Orangie?
Yeah, I brought him, Ricky.
I got Orangie here, but he's not... as active as he used to be.
That's fucking cool, you made a little model of him.
No, that's...
That's Orangie, Ricky.
That's him right there.
What the fuck are you talking about, Bubbs?
He can't live like this.
No, he's... he's not living, Ricky.
No kidding!
I mean, what kind of a living is it, glued to a license plate, going around, "Ooh, I'm on a fucking license plate"?
It's no life.
No, Ricky, I mean Orangie's... he passed on, he's moved on to the land of the deadies.
What the fuck are you talking about?
He died, Ricky.
Wait, Ricky...
Ricky, Ricky, come here!
Ricky, take a deep breath.
Ricky, listen, maybe... maybe "dead" wasn't the right word.
I meant, you know, he's still here, Ricky.
He's still here, he still exists in the space-time continuum.
The way it works is, like, when he ceased to be, he actually turned into a different type of energy, space-time continuum, and the way the universe up there, the black holes and everything they wrap around there's... string theory that can prove that different things, and he can live here in the space-time continuum.
I mean, that's how the universe works, Ricky.
Black holes and thermodynamics can fold over time-space like that, so he's actually still... ex... existing.
Man, you scared the fuck out of me.
I thought he was gone.
So he's okay.
Thank God.
Here's to you, little buddy.
To Orangie!
Well, he's not...
Yeah, Orangie.
Glad you're okay.
You want a drink, little buddy?
Yeah, man.
No, no.
Well, he's... he can't...
How's that taste, huh?
Do you want some bottle tokes?
It's going to be a fucking late one tonight, boys.
Hey, Orangie.
Just one more for Orangie.
I don't think you're allowed, little buddy.
Make sure no security dicks try to tow it, okay?
Actually... you're good.
No pictures of willy goats.
Come on, let's go see Trin.
Okay, let's try and find Trin.
Sniff her out, little buddy.
[woman] Excuse me!
What are you doing?
It's okay.
It's not a dog.
I know it's not a dog, but he gotta go. fuck off.
Is that marijuana?
Yes, it is.
It's a fucking hospital.
It's "medickinal".
Give that to me.
Your goat has to go, too.
Fine. Jesus Christ!
Sorry, Willy. Go eat in the fucking car, I guess.
I'll be back in a minute. Now... can you tell me what room my gramson's in, please?
Oh, you must be Ricky.
Down the hall.
Room     .
Thanks, gorgeous.
Go fuck yourself.
Ahh, buenos dos,
Your Breakfast Bubb-rito, seor.
That looks fucking delicious, buddy.
Look under the ham.
Right on, man.
Thank you.
Liquor piggies in a blanket.
How much do I owe you?
On top of the
I owe you, which you're going to get back soon,
I promise you.
Ah, it's all right.
This one's on the shed.
For frig's sakes!
Jesus, Randy!
I never told you to throw the stuff down the fucking stairs!
Look at ya. You can't even do one simple thing right.
Donna, I'm doing the best that I can.
I don't know why Julian can't move his own goddamn stuff.
Would you take it easy with that shit?
It's worth a lot of money, you dumb ass!
It's heavy, too, Julian.
God knows you could use a workout there, you hairy old whale.
Donna, please. He's trying to do some fucking work here.
Oh, my Christ, Donna comin' down some hard on you, bitch.
How ya doin' with your titties?
Randy, what are you doing?
I'm moving Julian's stuff for Donna.
Oh, Julian, you're not leaving us, are you?
Yes, I am.
My time in Sunnyvale has come to an end.
If this is about the no liquor policy...
It has nothing to do with that.
Oh, come on,
Julian, I mean...
After all, you are part-owner.
Stay. The future's bright here.
It hasn't been this bright in a long, long time.
Jim... This is fucking killing me, man.
I'm going to miss you.
You can't leave
Sunnyvale, Julian.
You are Sunnyvale.
Jim, no.
We were Sunnyvale.
I've got to go.
Well, we are going to miss you,
Julian, aren't we, Jim?
See you, guys.
Hey! How is the little guy?
He's a cute little son of a whore, isn't he?
You guys got a name thinked up for him yet?
Yeah, we're going to call him Ray.
Are you kiddin'?
That's fuckin' awesome.
The old man would love that.
We thought you'd like that, Ricky.
I'm putting it down on the birth certificate application right now.
Speaking of the old man, check it out.
Hair Bear.
I always had a Hair Bear growing up, so I made one for him.
It works as a bottle, too, see?
It's awesome! Thanks, Dad.
It's real fur.
I plucked it out of Willy goat.
I can't wait for you guys to get the fuck out of this shithole and come live with me.
I wanted to talk to you about that.
Um... Where are we going to live exactly?
You, know, the baby needs somewhere safe and somewhere clean, and so we were thinking that Trin and the baby and I would...
No, no, no.
No fuckin' way.
Oh, look who it is, with his little store-bought bear.
My gramson is not staying with that industrial cock inhaler. fuck that!
It's just till you get settled.
Rick, you don't have a car seat.
You don't have a crib.
You don't even have a bottle.
There's a bottle right fucking there.
Okay, fine.
You've got a bottle.
How are you going to take care of a baby?
Knock, knock.
Well, this should be good. Who's there?
The motel that Julian just bought.
So fuck yourself.
That's not a "who".
That's a "where".
It doesn't matter, shit bleach.
What does matter, there's rooms there for all of us except you.
So fuck off.
Yeah, clever, Rick.
Okay, look.
Right here I've got a list.
This is all the stuff that babies need.
Get the list and we'll talk.
All right.
Where would I find a die-a-purse?
Diapers, Ricky. Diaper.
Are you going to be banging him?
Oh, my fuck!
Make my words: that baby will be staying at the motel.
You can put that down in your little word-form, Jacob, as the baby's address: the fucking motel
'cause that's where the baby's going to be fucking staying.
Hey, Julian.
I brought you a liquor-rito.
Oh, thank fuck, man!
You know, that was pretty awesome what you did with Lahey there.
The way you were pretending to have Randy move your stuff out.
Totally believable.
I bet you he thinks you're really leaving.
But you're not, right?
Bubbs, look, I would love to stay, man, but I can't.
Yes, you can,
Julian. Look.
The little bottles are just a start.
I can get a   -ouncer into the park.
It has nothing to do with that, man. It's time.
This motel is a great fucking opportunity for me, man.
For... for all of us.
And I want you to come, too.
How the fuck am I supposed to just pack up and leave?
I've got shed payments to make,
I've got kitties and seniors depending on me, and a pretty decent job.
I can't go out to the fucking motel, cars whipping by on the highway.
And it's ground zero for Samsquamptch territory.
I wouldn't be able to sleep.
Come on, just stay here.
Bubbs, this isn't going to be forever, okay? It's just for now.
Hey, exchoo me, Julian.
Party bus pizzacked.
We ready to bounce, huh?
[Julian] Bubb, I gotta go.
All right?
Love you, buddy.
Love you, too.
All right boys, let's huddle up!
Everybody come out here. Come on.
[J-Roc] Hey, Julian.
This motel more like a Hello-no-tel, you know'm sayin'?
It's fuckin' scary Busey up in here.
Even ghosts be, like,
"We the fuck out, dawg!"
What the fuck are you talking about, J-Roc?
Paint peelin' up in there, dawg, it's cold as fuck, you know'm sayin'?
The carpet smell like a tuna melt with a side salad of shit, dawg.
Yeah, man, Tommy Bean must've jacked all the pipes out of every room,
'cause you can't even take a poop.
I mean, you can poop, but there's no running water.
I know all that.
What kind of shit did you guys find?
Here the good news first off, you know'm sayin'?
Roc Vodka intact.
Ain't nobody touched the Booberry, you know'm sayin'?
But other mahfuckas left some shit that's cray!
Yeah, like, there's some shit from a children's play and some shit.
Remember when
Aristocrat closed down?
All that shit, talkin' about stripper poles and shit, sound systems and shit, speakers and shit.
All that shit.
There's some landscaping shit.
There's, like, some weed-whackers and shit, lawnmowers and shit.
Then there's a room with just some crazy shit, like slingshots and shit and ammo and shit.
Other shit.
And check out this shit.
The dude left some
'  s porn and shit like "Star Whores",
"Top Gunt", you know what I'm sayin'?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We got lots of valuable shit.
This is good.
Hey, Ricky.
What's up, bud?
How's it going?
How's it looking, boys?
Well, to be honest with you, the motel's a bit of a bust.
Sayin'... But If you want to get back in the hydroponics game, we did find some shit for that, though. fuck, I wish, but
I'm not breaking the law anymore.
I'm serious. I'm fucking out.
Boys, I'm fucking serious.
How's the rest of it looking, though?
I'm not going to lie to you, man.
This place is fucked!
Jesus Christ,
I told Trin she could live here with the baby.
It was fucking awesome.
But, it has potential.
No, man. There's no running water.
You can't even take a poop.
Who gives a fuck about running water?
I have running water in my car.
Santa Jesus God never had running water, he turned out okay.
All right, this is what we're going to do.
J-Roc, I want you and the Rocpile to take the party bus, go drum up some business.
We're gonna have an auction, boys.
Just like Storage Wars.
Dope idea, dawg.
We've got to get rid of this shit as fast as we can before the people that own the shit come back looking for the shit.
A'ight, let's boss.
Know what I'm saying?
Then we'll take all the money and we'll fix this place up.
Don't worry about it.
I hope so, Julian.
It's got to happen fast, though, man.
It's going to happen fast.
How's Willy doing?
He's good but he keeps eating all my fucking potato chips!
You don't feed him potato chips.
He's a goat.
Feed him carrots and celery and shit.
Dumb ass!
Going through this list of stuff that Lucy told me to get for the baby, some of it's pretty easy but some of it is fucked!
Like a "pacificker".
How the fuck am I supposed to get a baby an ocean?
Clothies. Well, I've got lots of those.
Basically, just like rags.
Baby whips. I'm not getting fucking baby whips.
Never got whipped when I was a kid and I turned out fucking awesome.
The toughest one on here: running water.
I mean, I get it,
I guess, for a baby but I didn't know the fucking place needed to be so fancy.
I'm going to do the best I can with this fucking list.
I don't want to go to Lucy and ask what some of this shit means
'cause I'll look dumb.
This room looks like it's the most un-fucked.
This would be perfect for Baby Ray.
That's going to be his name?
That's fucking cool.
All right, Cory, go room to room, take a detailed inventory.
Um, what's inventory?
I... I totally forget.
How fucking stupid are you, Cory?
You don't know what inventory is?
Tell him, Julian.
You go room to room, take a detailed list of everything so we know what the fuck we have.
[Jacob] Hey, guys.
Hey, dude.
Do you want to help me take an inventory?
You go room to room and take a detailed list of everything we fucking have.
No, he can't.
He's coming to the park with me to get all the baby shit.
Sorry, Cory.
Oh, dude, man, what's up?
I never see you anymore ever.
What happened to "brothers before mothers"?
I know, man.
I'm a boyfriend and a father now.
I've got responsibilities.
Big ones, important ones...
Go take Willy for a piss.
We've got to go.
See what I mean?
What? You can take
Willy for a piss but you can't take me? fucking bullshit.
Come in.
Hey, Mr. Lahey.
Doing your "suduko"?
Barb thinks it's a waste of time and I tend to agree with her.
You used to love those things.
Can I help you?
Can I ask you a question?
Do you ever wish that things could just be the way they were?
Randy, change is good.
It's the only constant.
Truth be told...
I don't want you to take this the wrong way, I've...
I've never been happier in my entire life.
People can't just change, Mr. Lahey.
Think of everything we did.
You know, Randy...
I'm not sure that I ever really was that way.
I think it was just the liquor talking, bud.
[Over bullhorn] Hey, let me all axe y'all something right quick.
Is y'all down wit saving skrilla?
Me, too, bitches, you know'm sayin'?
That's why y'all hoes and homies better board the bus to Bizzargainville, y'all!
You know'm sayin'? We 'bout to get our auction on, you know'm sayin'?
All kinds of shit gonna be on the block.
Free transportation.
All merchandise must go. And free drinks.
Do y'all like free drinks?
Me, too.
So come on, hoes and homies one and all, you know what I mean?
Hey, C.
Yeah, Tombolopolous.
Yeah. Listen, bro. I think I know how we can get our shit back.
I'll be in touch, bro.
Wassup? Board the party bus.
You want some drinks, y'all, huh?
You want some drinks, y'all, huh?
Wassup, banana shirt, huh?
You like savings, don't you, bitch?
Who else wants some free
[loud rock music playing outside]
What are you doing, Richard?
Partying. You should try it sometime.
You can't come in here.
I know. That's why I'm out here.
But he can come in.
Jacob, go to my trailer and get all the stuff for Baby Ray, please.
Got it.
Hold it there, Stretch.
Spread 'em.
I'm going to be keeping a very close watch on you, Richard.
What's that, Colonel Fucksterd?
Can't hear you, bud.
Jesus Christ!
Turn that fucking thing off, you German whore-bitch! fuck off!
What were you saying?
I couldn't hear you over the siren.
I was trying to fucking say...
Jesus Christ, Barb,
I don't know what to tell you, okay?
I'm trying my best.
I just don't have the money.
Bubbles, I'm sorry, but those sales percentages are way overdue!
You know, when you start a new business, it fucking takes a little while to get it going, you know.
Yeah, I know, I know.
But I also know that I have told you three times about this.
Now I have stuck my neck way out for you, Bubbles.
When am I going to see some money?
Look, Furnando Valensuello sliced his paw on a fucking rusty can, so I had to use all the money on his needles.
Cash flow's just a little tight but I'm good for it.
I am going to need some money by the end of the day, Bubbles.
End of the day! fuck you very much.
You were so firm.
You handled that really well.
I used to like it when you were firm,
Jim Lahey.
Oh, I can still be firm...
...when provoked.
I think maybe we might need a little... owners meeting tonight.
Do you think?
Well, maybe I could bring along the head of the board.
The hea...
My penis.
Oh, Jim!
Inventory's done, dude.
It's all listed right here.
Nice work, Cory.
Now, I've got another job for you.
This one's an important one.
Awesome! What do you want me to do?
What's with the suit?
Here. Put that on and I'll tell you.
It's the oldest trick in the book.
I'm going to plant
Cory in the crowd so we can drive the prices up during the auction.
For some reason,
Cory seems like he's on these days.
It seems like he's getting smarter or something.
Hey, what about the tags, dude?
Should I keep them or...
What the fuck do you think, Cory?
Do you have any scissors?
Just rip the fucking things off.
If he fucks this up,
I may kill him.
Just rip the fucking tags off!
Whoa, whoa.
Where the fuck are you going with all this stuff, Jacob?
I worked hard to put that nursery together.
I'm taking it to Ricky down at the gate.
It's for the baby at the motel.
Oh, no, that's not what it's for.
It's for the baby's room here at the park.
Do you really think he's going to go live at the motel?
He doesn't have a choice.
He's just a baby.
Not him, you stunned twat. Ricky.
Is Ricky going to move to the motel for real?
I suppose so.
It seems like our only option.
Here, grab an end of the cart.
It's a shopping cart crib.
It's on wheels.
Just roll the fucking thing.
Here, help me get it down the stairs.
Don't boss me around, Jacob. y'all sluts got to see the contents of the storage locker right quick, know what I mean?
Long enough to know there's some dope-ass shit up in there.
So let's start the bidding at... a thousand, huh?
Gimme a thousand, what?
Gimme a thousand, yo!
I want a thousand, hah!
Gimme a thousand, yo!
Gimme eight hundy-dawg!
,   !
What about    ?
Sayin'...     sayin'...
, know what I mean...
,   .
J-Roc, dude,  ,   .
,   , then, from... the bespectacled Waldo in the oversized suit.
,   . So I guess
I'm looking for  ,   ?
. Somebody give me   .
Sayin', sayin'.
, know what I mean?   ...
,   !
,   .
I didn't have    , but do I have $ , from one of y'all mahfuckas?
Holy fuck!
What is going on with the noise?
Not that bad with ear plugs, Bubbs.
Want some marshmallows?
No, Ricky...
Jacob, go and deal with that.
Will you put that siren up your arse, please?
Calm it down here!
That's better.
How's it going, Bubbs?
How's it going?
Ricky, honestly, it's... it's not going great, okay?
The park's really... lonely without you and Julian.
Are you guys really just giving up on living here?
You know what, Bubbs? fuck this place. fuck Lahey. fuck that army dick.
This place used to be awesome, but now it sucks whale cocks!
It doesn't have to.
I mean... this is where we grew up.
This is our home.
This is where we belong, all of us.
Can you honestly tell me that you don't care about living here anymore?
[sigh] Of course I wish
I could live here.
Of course I wish it was dick-free.
And I wish it was still a place we could get wasted and know you'd wake up somewhere safe in the morning.
But it's not.
Not with dicks like that running the fucking show!
Bubbs, I can't even go in here anymore. Watch.
Take it easy there,
I'm just paving a fucking point!
I'll see you soon, okay?
I need you to come by tomorrow and fix some plumbing.
Come on!
Who's got your belly?
Yep. Go ahead, Ricky, you get my belly.
Get it.
Diddle. Diddle-iddle-iddle.
I just wish you had my back.
Hey, are you ready to be porn again?
So somehow, the bid for the greasy contents of storage locker number is currently at
,    mahfuckas.
Do I hear  ,   ? sayin'  ,    sayin'...
Okay, no surprise, another bid from fucking Vanilli.
I'm calling bullshit!
Why does that guy keep bidding against himself?
Don't blame it on me, dawg.
Blame it on the rain.
This is fucked!
It's not fucked, dude.
I'm not even buying this shit.
Julian just had me put on a suit and drive the prices up.
It's working.
So it's not fucked.
No, I didn't.
I don't even know this fucking guy.
Dude, yeah, you do.
Look, it's me, it's Cory.
Hey, uh, do I hear  ,   ?
Sayin'   , sayin', sayin'   ...
No, but you hear a "fuck off"!
Who in the firemen's fuck said you could auction off my shit?
Yeah, you bought this shithole, not the shit in it, Julian.
Put the slingshot down, Tommy.
Hold on!
You fuckers are auctioning off shit you don't even own?
[Cory] Yeah, exactly.
[Julian] No.
Who the fuck are you, man?
Hey! Hey! Hey!
What the fuck kind of a greasy nightmare horror show is going on here?
Is that fucking Dominus?
It is.
Hey! Calm the fuck down!
Okay, hey! What the fuck is going on here?
We bought shit from these storages lockers, which they don't even own and now this prick is saying it's theirs.
That's because it's this prick's shit, dick.
[Ricky] Okay, let me get this right.
Who the fuck bought stuff here?
I did.
[Ricky] And who's saying this shit's theirs?
Okay, sounds like the problem's between you two guys, not these people. If I was you,
I wouldn't fucking stand for it.
All of you's.
All of you need to fuck off so we can get our shit back!
It's not your shit anymore!
Julian, talk to you for a minute,
Listen, buddy.
I, uh, I'm gonna need those tapes back.
They're very important to me, like, very fucking important.
Why is that?
Well, let's just say,
I did some things with four or five girls, a couple of them turned out to be dudes.
Oh, man, that sucks!
Yeah, I know.
It wasn't my best fucking work.
I'm not that proud of it,
I can tell you that.
What's it worth to you?
That's the thing.
I ain't got no fuckin' money on me right now.
You've got the gun.
That's worth something.
You're sh1tting me, right?
It's a start. fuck. Whatever, man.
Get the fuck off my property or else I'm going to release your little fuck-tapes to the entire world.
Oh, it's like that, is it?
It's like that!
Obviously you fucking don't remember who the fuck I am!
I know who you are.
You're the fucking star of "Top Gunt".
Oh, really?
Is that the one with the dudes in it? fuck you!
No, fuck you!
Get the fuck out of here!
Don't fucking push me, man!
You see anything here you'd like to take a little suck on or anything?
Fuckin' blow me, Ricky!
See how the rocket's my cock?
I want you to suck it!
Cyrus, you do pretty good work in the cockpit, from what I seen!
Nice one, Rick.
What the fuck went down here?
Jesus Christ!
Tell me you made a lot of money, at least.
We made... just about
That's it?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Unless you count grand that Cory bid, which I don't 'cause it wasn't real.
That's great, Julian.
How the fuck are we supposed to fix up the motel now for my family?
It's a good start, Rick.
We'll see you in three days, Grace.
I really want to work those tight spots next time aggressively.
I can't wait.
Donna, we need to talk!
Randy, I'm at work!
It's going to have to wait.
[Randy] You know what?
It's not going to wait!
I'm sick of you treating me like garbage.
And in front of all these people, too.
I don't deserve it.
I'm not going to stand for it.
You need to apologize.
You're right, Randy,
I'm sorry.
You are?
I'm sorry we can't see each other anymore.
We're through!
What? Why?
Right up until now we've been friends with benefits, and now even the benefits suck.
I'm not getting anything out of this.
It's over! are you okay?
Yeah! It actually felt really good.
Oh, Donna, we are so proud of you for being strong enough to say what you really need!
Thank you.
And just so you know, my benefits don't suck!
I've been told
I'm good at doing stuff to people!
What a whiny little bitch.
For frig's sakes!
This is friggin' bullshit!
Friggin' bitchy slut!
What the fuck are you doing, Randy?
Keep it down.
What's wrong?
What isn't wrong, Bubbles?
Everything's shit!
Hey, no liquor in the park.
I've got to confiscate that.
God, just wait now, Randy.
You could... you could confiscate it...
Or you could... confiscate it down into your belly.
Let it wash the pain away.
Come on.
All right.
Gimme a friggin' drink of this shit.
I've got cups.
Now you've got your mouth-juice all over it.
Wash that pain away.
Check it out, dude.
Want to hold him?
No, dude.
Come on, just take him.
No, no.
No, no, no.
I-I can't.
Yeah, yeah, you can.
Oh... hey, dude.
Give him a little fist-pump.
Hey... Hey.
It's pretty dope, dude.
Thanks, man.
Nice job.
I'm an uncle, man.
I've still got to figure out the water and shit.
What do you think?
I think it looks pretty fucking amazing.
This is going to make a great nursery.
I was thinking more of a baby's room but, yeah, we could plant some trees in here.
Help the baby's breathing, for sure.
Do you want to smoke a joint?
Yeah, sure.
Needs to "christian" the place.
I know I didn't make nearly as much money today at the auction as I hoped for, but... this place isn't so bad, man.
I think we're going to be okay, buddy.
Me, too.
[Julian] fucking Tommy!
[Ricky] Ah, son of a co-o-o-ock! fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck...
[Ricky] I think this is going to fucking work.
Do you know how to start a car?
Uh... yeah.
You sure?
Uh-huh. Totally.
Well, get the fuck in there.
Let's try this.
Okay, turn it over, Jacob.
Give it a bit of gas!
Holy fuck, he's stupid.
Jesus fucking Christ, Jacob!
Just floor it!
Fuckin' yeah! Whoo!
Yeah! Power to the peoples! fucking rights, buddy!
[Jacob] Ricky!
My dick and my balls are wedged in the cart! fuck!
[rapping] Well, you know that I'm for real
Wack MC I ain't
But I'm a-stay here
And a-scrape the paint
Ah an' scrape the paint
Scr-scrape the paint
What, scrape the paint the paint, huh!
Scrape the paint...
[Julian] Cory.
Scr-scrape the huh!
Put some muscle into it. Come on.
Where the fuck is Bubbles, man?
He's supposed to work plumbing.
I'm sure he'll be here.
That's not good enough.
He needs to be here now!
You're gonna have to go get him.
Why can't you?
I'm doing this with these guys.
Why can't I?
Hm, let me think. Maybe 'cause
Jacob fucked over the baby's room,
I got to deal with that 'cause my family's coming today, and this piece of shit motel is not even close to being ready!
Okay, okay, okay, just...
Go get him, please!
...relax. I'll go.
Thank you.
Hey, what up?
Could you run me over in the party bus?
Hey, lie down, bitch. Ha-ha!
I mean to the park.
Oh, too bad.
You guys fucking think this is funny?
Lucy is going to freak if there's nowhere for the baby for-to-get washed.
Rick, calm down.
I'm trying to calm down, but in case you hadn't noticed, this is a pretty fucking big deal to me, Ju...
Fuckin' oyster cocks!
Do oysters even have...
Go get the bus.
Sorry to call you for something so silly.
I was terrified.
All the sasquatch talk lately,
I wondered if one crawled under there and had a baby or something.
No problem, ma'am.
Public safety's part of the job description.
Whatever it is, whoa... sure smells like... it needs a bath.
Do you think sasquatches smell like balls?
What the frig?
Oh, Randy! Goddammit!
Oh, he's a goddamn mess, and drunk, too!
You listen here.
And you listen good!
Where did you get the alcohol?
Where did you get the alcohol?
In your mom's apartment.
Do you think this is a joke, soldier?
I will ask you one more time.
Where did you get the liquor?
Your mom wants me to liquor liquor all over.
Frig off, Donna!
You dumped me, remember?
You don't get to say a goddamn thing! Ow...
You will not disrespect a woman.
Not on my watch!
You have violated park rules, not to mention officer code conduct!
Give him another slap.
I am confiscating your walkie, soldier.
And you are banished from this park.
What, forever?
Until the alcohol leaves your system.
That's    hours!
Argh! Frig off!
Allow me to escort you.
If you have any more trouble, ma'am, don't hesitate to call.
Have a nice day.
Let's go, fat boy!
Frig off! You're hurting my bum!
All right, Willy.
Let's go get our family.
Do you want a hit off that first?
Let's go, little buddy.
I know it's good hash.
No, no, no.
I don't fucking think so.
What's going on here?
Ricky, we talked about this.
Yeah, we did.
And you said if I get everything the baby needs, you'd come and live with me at the motel.
So come get in my car.
You guys are coming with me.
That's your car seat?
What the fuck else do you think it is, dick lunch?
Ricky, don't make it any harder than it already is.
That, to me, does not look safe.
It looks safe to me.
My baby, my choice.
We're going with Dad.
Can you grab my bag, Dad? fucking right, I can.
Let's go, George.
Give me the fucking bag.
Give him the fucking bag. Do it.
I know this is hard.
I'll let you borrow Willy for a couple hours, okay?
Go have a beer.
He likes potato chips and green grapes with the crunchy things in the middle.
And he just pissed himself, so clean that up.
Whoa. Where are you going?
On the grind. I've got a bunch of regulars today.
I got to get them from
A to B, know what I mean?
No, you can't just leave.
There's a bunch of people who have asked for you specifically.
For your mystic fingers.
For real? Who?
I don't know , Flo,
Gladys, Vicky,
Christine... Sheila.
Look, you make these ladies feel a way they haven't felt in years.
You take these clients today and I'll pay you in cash at the end of the day with a huge raise.
And it's going to be way more than you make driving that taxi.
What the fuck is that?
It's a hand exerciser, and you're going to need it.
Yo, what's up, man?
What you doing here?
What's with all the questions?
I got questions, too.
What happened to our friendship?
Why you dressed like Gordon from
Sesame Street, know what I mean?
Why don't you axe her?
She the one who called me.
J-Roc is going to do your runs today, T.
What? You got your party bus with you?
It's down at the gizzate.
Had to park it down there on account of that army mafk.
So you don't mind doing my runs, you mean?
No, why would I mind doing you another favor, bitch?
You cornered the market on taxi, know what I mean, when there's a party bus driving around empty... whose back you got?
I always got your back, dawg.
You know what it is.
Dem old hoes' backs you got these days, dawg.
Ray, that's some list.
Won't be cheap, but I got you.
Other hand, sayin'?
How's it going, Bubbs?
I'm busy, Julian.
Are you forgetting about something?
I didn't forget to get fucking wasted last night.
Me and Randy crushed a   -ouncer that I had for you.
Bubbs, you're supposed to be at the motel right now fixing the plumbing.
Oh, slippery whore!
I fucking totally forgot, Julian.
Well, you better get your shit together, bud.
I can't. I can't do it today.
I've got Taco Tuesdays
It's Thursday.
[whispering] I know, but the old people don't know that.
They're fucking right out of it.
This is my busiest day, Julian.
I've got to make money.
I've got payments due to Eons and to Barb and... if fucking people would pay me back,
I wouldn't be in this situation.
Listen, the baby can't move into the motel until you've fixed the plumbing.
So you're not doing this for me, you're not doing this for Ricky, you're doing it for the baby.
All right, I'll fix the fucking plumbing on one condition.
What's that?
Try to speak some Spanish.
The old people love it.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Attention, people!
El Sexico will take care of all your taco needs!
Step right up!
This is where your gram-dad grew up.
And your great gram-dad.
Wait, can you even understand what I'm saying?
Probably not, huh?
Well, maybe you can.
Who fucking knows?
Anyway, we used to live here
[shouting] until two dicks decided it was o-dumb o'clock on their fucking stupid army watches!
You can both fuck off!
Okay, hold on,
You wanted mucho salsa, right?
No-o-o. I said no onion, extra guac.
Can't you get that through your thick chest, you fucking yo-yo?
Oh, for Christ's sake, we look forward to Taco Tuesday every week.
It's all we've got.
Don't fuck it up,
El Sexico.
Jesus Christ,
I'm fucking trying here, okay?
Go take a seat. I'll call you when it's ready.
Everyone take a fucking seat.
I'll call you!
Jesus Christ. fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
What do you want?
This morning
I found Randy drunk under a porch.
Where did he get the liquor, Julian?
I couldn't tell you and I don't give a flying fuck, okay?
Your brand, isn't it?
You know what? fuck this, I'm closed.
I don't know where the rum came from and I can't make fucking tacos!
What did you re-fry these beans in? shit?
Why don't you go fuck yourself?
Make your own beans, Larry.
Way to fuck us all, Dicko!
Oh, that's real lady-like.
Why don't you go make a fucking appointment with Donna and relax?
El Boo-o! El Boo-o!
El Boo-o! El Boo-o!
It's hard to get around the corners with this.
How's this, Bubbles?
Jesus Christ, Cory!
I'm in charge of getting a shower put in here for the baby and for the family to use.
So it was pretty easy.
I took a piece of rain-pipe, you know, like that, and I fed it out through the wall and hooked it into the main gutter system.
And it's just going to collect rainwater, nice fresh rainwater.
And it'll all collect and then when it's time for a shower,
I'll have a thing on here and you... give her a pull and you've got a nice clean shower.
It's going to work fucking great.
You stupid son of a whore!
What's up, dude?
I thought I told you to clean out the gutters?
I did. I got, like, three bags.
What's a gutter, Cory?
A ditch?
Stupid bastard.
Your chariot awaits, tighties. Sayin'.
What's up, LaToniona?
Hey, there's secrets.
Y'all remember that?
Be careful with that precious cargo, know what I mean?
J-Roc, man, I thought you said this was going to be a quick pick-up.
It takes how long it takes, dawg.
I've got shit to do, man.
You've got to relax, Bixby.
All right.
Why you so worried about time, anyway, you know?
Only time I'm concerned with is having a good one.
Oh, fuck. Randy.
Wassup, Gut-tanamo Bay?
Guys, can I get on the bus?
I'm tired,
I'm thirsty,
I'm frigging
Don't look starvin' on my eyes.
Not a fucking chance, Randy.
Unless you got cover charge for two.
For two?
You and that gut, know'm sayin'? bucks, dawg.
A'ight! Get drinkin',
Gaybraham Lincoln!
The fuck did you do?
Here you go.
Making money. Sayin'?
All right.
You have to relax, dawg!
Hey, welcome home, baby Ray!
[Ricky] Bubbles, shut the fuck up! He's sleeping!
[Trinity] Hey, Bubbles.
Hey, Trin.
Watch it, Ricky.
Ricky, wa... you're going to hook him like a tuna.
Check him out.
You wait till you see this fucking baby's room.
It's going to be a nursery, too.
Fresh baby!
This is where you're going to be sleeping, baby Ray.
Check out this fucking mobile I made you.
Isn't that fucking dope?
Yeah, look, I made a rain-shower.
Look at this.
Look at this how she works.
Oh... Does it have hot water as well?
No hot water.
Hot water burn baby.
Get it? Rain Man.
He was fucked. what do you think?
It's, um...
It's awesome, Dad.
Thank you so much.
You put so much work into this.
You're welcome, Trin.
I'm just so fucking glad to have my family back.
You too, Jacob. fuck's sakes!
Oh, you finally decided to get your own girlfriend, did you, George, instead of banging other people's?
You must be completely fucked in the head to be dating officer
I'm not interested in discussing my personal life.
Where is The Motel?
Holy fuck.
Well, at least you picked someone your own brain-size, George.
It's right in front of you!
I mean the baby.
"The Motel."
The motel?
Am I missing something here?
"Lead" my lips.
It's right in front of you.
What baby motel?
You tell me.
It says right here on the birth certificate under "Name: The Motel".
Oh, Jacob, you really fucked this up!
Under address you wrote "Ray".
Right. And under baby's name...
"The Motel."
So my gramson's name is The fucking Motel?
No, Ricky, just The Motel.
[Jacob] Did I ever fuck that up, eh, Ricky?
You know what?
I'm actually almost proud of what a big fuck-up that was!
I don't know. The Motel.
It's kind of cute.
Yeah, we'll just call him Moe.
I don't care what the baby's name is.
It's just my job to determine whether or not he can live here.
What the fuck does that suppose to mean?
Good thing I knew where you guys lived.
Otherwise Karen would've never been able to find you.
Ricky. Ricky, it's not worth it.
That was a prick job.
That was a prick job.
This is bullshit!
It's obviously a work-in-process but... you should've seen how fucked it was before.
It was a complete shithole before we fixed it up.
Pretty good, huh?
Look... I know how much you want...
The Motel to live here, but you have to understand this is my job.
I mean, I just can't, in good conscience, let a baby grow up here.
No, it's okay.
For fuck's sakes!
Jacob, will you go start the car again?
A baby needs a stable environment.
I had a stable for an environment, but Lucy said a barn wasn't good enough either.
So what is good enough?
I'm sorry.
Really, I am, but... we're going to have to find another home for Trinity and The Motel.
Even if it's just fuck my ass and my mouth and my tits.
You have to let them stay here, please.
Hey, stop! have I fucked up my life?
Big time, pretty much every day.
But I love my little gramson, and there's a lot of people here that can help for-to-get him raised.
We don't have much but we have each other.
That's not nothing.
What's more important than a little fucking child growing up with his fucking family?
Please don't do this.
Hey, hit me on the hip, Tighty, you know'm sayin'?
Dang, gimme some of that fried chicken.
What's crackin',
Turn that shit off so I can talk to this fucking nice lady!
Look, George has kindly offered to let Trinity and The Motel stay at his place for the time being.
You know him.
You can visit there.
It's not such a bad option.
Do I have a fucking choice here?
Dad, we should just do what the fancy government lady says.
You'll figure it out and we'll be together soon.
Sorry, dude.
Got your goat, Rick.
Hey, Willy.
It's for the best.
You know what would really be for the best, George?
If you would fuck the fuck off!
What's going on?
The Motel can't live at the motel.
Uh, through a series of unfortunate events, it seems that the baby's legal name is The Motel.
That lady is from Social Services, said he can't live here.
At the motel?
Hey, T, how's it going?
It's tiring, man.
Them old hoes demand a lot of attention, sayin'?
And I don't know how much longer
I can keep doing this.
That's your cut for this week.
So maybe it's time for you to retire from T's AXI, because we are making mad skrilla, T.
Feelin' better already.
Barb and I... we really appreciate what you're doing here.
We do.
Just doing my job, Jim.
Not for praise but for personal satisfaction.
I was wondering, uh... if perhaps you were being a bit too hard on
Randy today.
I mean...
We've known him for years.
He's harmless.
Absolutely not.
Are you calling into question my ability to run a military operation?
Oh, no, of course not, Leslie, but this isn't a military operation, I...
We just want people in the park to feel happy and safe and secure...
That is absolute and utter
% Grade A Iowa
Do you know the quickest way to lose a war?
By being soft.
And, in this case, being soft is allowing one tiny drop of alcohol the size of an ant's rectum into this
Godforsaken park!
I'll never forget what happened in Wonju.
The only way out was to drink ourselves out.
And drink we did.
For four days and six nights straight.
I drank my weight in filthy, warm liquor.
But I did not complain.
Not once.
Hey, soldier.
I brought you some of my famous meat pie.
Just as a way of saying thanks for coming to my rescue earlier.
Do you want a piece of this?
Sure, yeah.
Dang, I don't remember ordering you on angel.com.
You don't recognize me, do you, J-Roc?
Give a mahfucker a minute right quick, it'll come back.
I thought you should meet Mitch.
Hey, what up, Mitch?
Don't call me
Mitch, bitch!
Mitch, this is your father, Jamie.
This mayonnaise-colored mahfucka?
[J-Roc] Hey!
Hell, no!
He wants to be a rapper just like his daddy.
Anyway, good luck,
Jamie. I'm outta here.
Hey, where you goin'?
To Ontario to get on a reality show.
It's my turn now, baby.
Gotta chase my dream.
I love you, baby. Peace!
Dang, Mitch, yo mamma got dumps like a truck!
So what's poppin' you, man?
I think I saw you rappin' at the park.
Your game was tight.
Good for you, Casper the Friendly Mahfucka.
'Scuse, bitch.
Hey! what up, cuz?
I'm MC Flurry, y'all.
What up, dawg?
Isn't fire freaky, Ricky?
Especially when you're baked.
Get 'em in you, boys.
[Ricky] I hope there's a lot more of this shit.
Don't worry, Rick.
I'm going to figure all this bullshit out, buddy.
I don't know, Julian.
That government lady made it seem like this place was way more fucky than we thought it was.
And the more thinkings
I have about it,
I don't know if
I want The Motel to grow up in a greasy storage motel.
I want him to grow up somewhere awesome where people just like to fucking chill and party.
Yeah, somewhere like
Sunnyvale, for instance.
At least we knew what we were dealing with there.
I want The Motel to have this awesome childhood like we did, you know, skipping school, smashing windows with pellet guns, fucking getting drunk.
Just having a good time.
Boys, I've got to tell you something.
Okay, well, fucking spit it out.
Did you guys actually think that I want to live in that greasy, fucking rat-infested shithole? fuck that.
What are you talking about?
Then why are we working so hard to fix the fucking thing?
So we can get the park back.
That's been part of my plan the whole time, man.
Julian, I consider myself a pretty smart guy.
I don't have a baker's fuck of an idea what you're talking about.
Reverse psychology.
The best way to get back the park is to pretend like we don't give a fuck about the park.
Trust me, boys.
The only reason why
I didn't tell you guys is because I was worried Ricky was going to fuck it all up.
No offense, bud.
None taken.
Why the fuck didn't you tell me about it?
I don't fuck up every single thing I try to do.
No offense, Ricky.
I'm good.
[Julian] Because you're too honest, Bubbs.
You eventually would have told Ricky what's going on and he definitely would've fucked everything up.
No offense again, bud.
I'm cool.
Look, if you're serious about getting the park back,
I will do whatever the fuck it takes, Julian.
Oh, my fuck! Me, too!
You serious?
I couldn't figure out why the fuck you guys were just deserting me there.
It didn't make sense.
This is awesome!
To reverse psychology, boys.
To reverse psychology.
To... whatever you guys said.
This is fucking awesome! fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck...
[MC Flurry] Pull over right here.
You ain't rolling me up to school in this big hunk of lame bullwack.
It ain't lame bullwack, dawg.
This vehicle's dope, know I mean?
Y'all's lucky to be getting a ride to school with your candies.
T's ride, that shit's slamming.
You should be gettin' that dope-ass mahfucka deliverin' me to school, bitch.
Don't call me bitch, know'm sayin'?
You are a bitch.
I ain't a bitch.
Let me tell y'all somethin' right quick.
T ain't your dad.
That's why I'm driving y'all, a'ight?
It's a dad's to drive mahfuckers to school and pack their lunch.
All five food groups, dawg.
Plus an extra butterscotch pudding for a ma'fk.
What the fuck is this? Crust?
Hell, no!
I can't be taking this shit to school with crust on it.
Mahfuckas be teasing me.
Hey, I'm goin' to tell you something right quick.
There's mahfuckas in the homeland be starving to have them crusts, a'ight?
You think the crust would make the trip across the ocean, bitch?
Have a good day, a'ight?
I love you.
Me have good day looking at my teacher's tight ba-donk-ka-donk.
Hey, wait up, right quick.
How tight is that shit?
All right, boys, listen up.
Listen up, guys.
I want to launch a three-prong attack, okay?
Number one, and this is the most important one, we got to get Lahey back on the booze.
Yeah, okay!
Listen to me.
We can beat him.
He just has to be wasted.
Number two, we have to devalue
Sunnyvale, okay?
So we can get it for the best price we possibly can.
And, guys, I want you to put some thought into that.
We've got to fuck
Sunnyvale over.
That just sound like fun, Julian.
Right? Huh?
Number three, we have to increase the value of this place, which means we're going to fix it up a bit and then flip it for a profit.
Any questions?
Yeah, I got a question.
Lahey's been sober for six months.
How do you plan on getting him back on liquor?
You think that through, Brainium?
That was my one question.
It's going to be easy!
We're going to catch Lahey in a liquor trap.
You're not catching Mr. Lahey in a liquor trap.
I've been working on our relationship, and that'll just frig everything up.
Hey, Rocpile, look who's out of hibernation.
It's the cheeseburger chipmunk.
He's storing gut nuts in the belly tree!
Very funny, J-Roc.
You're not getting
Mr. Lahey back on the liquor, end of discussion!
You don't fucking talk to us...
Ricky! Ricky!
Just wait. fucking Jesus!
Randy, let's just think about this logically for a second.
Anytime you and Mr. Lahey were having fun, what were you doing?
Eating and drinking and not frigging caring about stuff.
No, drinking.
That's the key word, right there.
Think about it.
Anytime you guys were doing stuff, you were always on the liquor.
We never did anything fun when we were sober.
You want him on the liquor, Randy.
Wasted, we had all kinds of fun.
All right, frig it!
Let's get him back on the liquor. I'm in!
All right.
Thank you for joining the team, Randy.
Here's what's
I've got a van-load of liquor going into Sunnyvale.
You just have to make sure that Lahey confiscates the liquor after it passes the gate.
Leslie's not going to let it past the gate.
That's where
Ricky comes in.
Ricky, you're going to cause some kind of distraction, okay?
We're going to make sure the colonel's away from the gate, or else we're fucked.
Are you cool? fuck, yeah.
Right on.
Down. Set.
Get them paws up, chipmunk!
When Julian asked me to be in charge of the distraction, my minds started racing against each other. guns, liquor, and dope.
This is going to be fucking fun!
Cory, I'm leaving you in charge of painting the front of this place.
It needs better curb appeal.
Cool, man.
You mean just me, or me and Jacob?
Just you.
I need Jacob for something else.
Ricky, what's going on?
No talking, Jacob.
Okay, how many rooms do you need, and how long do you need them for?
Ten and no more than a week, tops.
Okay, that works.
All right, let's do this, man.
Thanks, man.
Last night I maked a really important decision.
I smoked an extreme amount of hash, and something occurred to me.
Here our family is with, you know, no money and no real place to live.
It's mostly because you're not that smart, you can't keep a job.
Also because I'm not growing dope.
And you and especially Lucy and Trin have been begging me pretty much to get back into growing for the family.
But that could mean jail.
But if I teach you how to grow and you do all the work, that's not illegal for me.
Do you see what I'm saying? fuck, yeah!
We can do this, Jacob.
And we can make a ton of money.
There's a shitload of fucking hydroponics, tables, and lights down in room   .
I want you to set those up in some of the empty rooms, okay?
Two tables per room, two lights per table.
Can you do that?
Yeah, I think so!
Thanks, Dad. fuck off the dad shit, you and Trin aren't married.
Thanks, man.
How many you got there? That's... shit! Lahey!
Shut it down! Shut it down!
Shut the door!
Shut the fucking door!
You hide this.
You take a fucking sip, I'll kill you.
[Lahey] Julian!
Hey, guys.
[Lahey] How are you doing?
Hi, boys.
Nice place you got here.
Thank you.
It's wonderful.
Maybe... maybe we've got a great offer for you.
Give you a couple extra bucks to clean the place out.
Right on.
What are you talking about?
Ah, well, we wanted to come and see you in person, Julian.
There's, uh, there's a company that is interested in buying the park!
Another one?
Wow, that's exciting news for you guys.
But I don't know if I can part with my shares.
Julian, I admit the first offer was kinda not real, but this one is legitimate.
It's from a lawyer.
It's bona fide.
Yeah, so... so just before you say no, take a look.
And, uh, it's a contingent offer, but it's pending an independent appraisal of the park.
But it is real.
It looks like a low-ball offer to me.
But I'll think about it.
You will?
You guys are my partners!
Oh, great.
That's all we're asking, Julian.
Okay, all right.
No problem.
Hey, no problem.
Well, it's good to see you guys.
Thanks for dropping by.
Okay. See ya.
Safe drive back to the park.
Hey, Barb, can I get a ride back to the park with you?
I think one night's suspension is enough, don't you, Mr. Lahey?
Sure, Randy.
I think we can consider it as time served. makes mistakes.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You're going to consider the offer?
I thought we were buying the fucking park.
What about the mahfuckin' attack,
Everybody calm down. fuck this company.
All we've got to do is stick to what we talked about.
Get him back on the booze, will be ours.
All right, back to work, guys.
Back to work...
Ah, fuck! How many was there?
Jesus Christ,
I didn't write it down.
I think this calls for a special celebration.
Julian hasn't said yes yet, Jim.
I don't see any checks in front of us.
Okay, fine, but you can still let me do something nice for you.
Let me surprise you.
Oh, I don't know.
[Randy] Oh my God, Barb, are you going to make him beg?
Barb can be such a bitch sometimes!
If Mr. Lahey was going to surprise me,
I'd say yes in a heartbeat.
Pisses me off!
Friggin' carbs!
Ah, okay, fine.
What the hell!
Do what you want, Jim.
Looking forward to it.
Now, get out!
I'm going to go have lunch with Donna and Sarah.
Tonight could be a very special night.
Oh, we'll see!
Bye, boys.
Where do you think you're going, soldier?
Your suspension is still active.
I frigged up and got drunk.
I'm sorry I'm not as perfect as you are.
I've fought in seven wars, six of which we won.
You want to know how, son?
You ever been to war, apart from Operation Dessert Storm?
No, I haven't been to goddamn war, and discipline can suck it.
I have worked in this trailer park for most of my life, and I'm not going to stand by anymore while some military exaggerator waltzes in here and bosses me around.
Now frig off!
You watch your tone with me, civilian!
You are out of line!
Now, you will do your suspension like a man, or you will face a dishonorable discharge from this battalion.
Let's just cool our jets.
I think we made our point to Randers about the whole liquor thing.
We're going to let him in.
...you're undermining my authority.
Let's not forget who owns the park and who's paying your salary.
Okay, colonel?
Thanks, Mr. Lahey.
[Ricky] Who wants liquor and dope?
Who wants liquor and dope?
They've had you guys caged up too long!
Let's get fucked up!
Anybody here good at rolling?
I can roll a mean fucking joint.
Right on.
Who wants to do some body-shots?
I've got Liquorman's whiskey.
Mr. Lahey, what if this is just some sort of classic distraction scenario to get us all to leave the gate?
Distraction scenario!
That's enemy gunfire, you moron!
Double time!
Let's get this fuckin' party goin'.
On the ground, Richard! fuck off.
And the rest of you, put down the drugs and the alcohol, or face eviction.
I'm not getting on the ground,
I'm just trying to show these locked-up people a good fucking time.
How do you keep breaching this secure location?
This time I actually floated in on a magic carpet.
You have seven seconds to vacate this position, or I will have no choice but to open fire on you.
You have seven seconds to tongue my fucking nuts. What are you going to do?
Shoot me in front of all these
"witlesses"? Give me a fucking break!
Rubber bullets.
Seven, six, five, four...
Ahh, fuck!
Are you out of your fucking mind?
Don't shoot me, you cocksu... Aaah! fucking lunatic!
My fucking cock!
Something's not right here, Randers.
The smell of shit is in the air.
You were right.
This is a distraction scenario.
To the gate!
Come on!
It's true.
Thank you.
No, I have to go!
No, you have to stay.
You need to loosen up.
The party's just getting started.
We can't drink back at the park.
I know, but Jim's got something planned, and I said
I would... okay.
All right.
But before I go, a toast to us.
Whatever you've been doing at the spa, just keep it up.
Oh, my sweet tits! I won!
Oh, yeah, you did.
Oh, my God! fucking dollars!
Party's on, girls!
Oh, my God!
Looks like you're not going anywhere.
Okay, but just one.
[Donna] Oh! fuck! Goddammit!
How does Ricky do this by himself?
Hey, man.
Hey, dude, how's the table? fuck, not good.
How's the painting going?
Looks like the wrong color.
It's terrible, man.
I'm good with a brush, man.
This sucks.
If I had a brush, I could cut in, but it would take me two weeks to do the whole place.
Too bad I'm busy with the tables.
I'm actually pretty good with the roller.
Are you serious, dude?
What are the chances?
We should switch jobs.
[both] We can help each other.
Yeah, man.
That way we can hang out...
And get both jobs done faster and easier.
Man, that's the best, dude.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Want to get some food first?
Yeah, I do.
Stealth mode initiated.
There's Tubby and Drunky-to-be right there.
Let's see this delivery paperwork, s'il vous plat?
Are you a cop?
Because you don't look like a cop.
"Trevor Lahey".
Exit the vehicle and open the back, please.
Oh, this place is fucked.
Well, well, well.
Bingo, Randingo.
[Bubbles whispering] Come on, you drunk bastard, just take a drink.
Shitstick on a pig!
He's just been a greasy recidivist.
Holy frig, Mr. Lahey, that's a lot of liquor!
What should we do?
Come on, drink it, you fucking drunk!
We're going to pour it out.
Give me a hand with this, turdhead, and we won't call the cops in on this.
[whispering] I assume that wasn't part of your plan, Julian.
He's an awful lot stronger than I thought he'd be.
What's Plan B?
What a fucking disaster!
Of epic proportions.
Mr. Lahey, maybe this isn't the smartest thing to do.
Shouldn't we be confiscating this?
I mean, that's a lot of liquor.
I guarantee you, Julian will do whatever it takes to get it back.
You could use it as leverage to make him accept the offer on the park.
Genius, Randy.
Listen up.
I want you to offload all of this shit at my trailer.
You got that?
Whatever you say, not-cop.
There's no safer place than your place for the liquor.
Right, Mr. Lahey?
Right, Randy.
Not too shabby, Randingo.
[Julian] Looks like our work here is done, bud.
Now we just have to wait for the Trojan
Liquor Horse to spill its sweet liquory load... down Lahey's throat.
Damn it! fuck, those hurt! fucking asshole!
Phantom come alive in the night-time
I spit freestyle
I don't have to write rhymes
I go unrehearsed
I spit a killer verse
When it comes to y'all rhymes
Yeah, they're the worst
I'm so cocky, yeah I brush it...
Man, what the fuck are you doin'?
We were rhymin', flowin' like mahfuckas!
A'ight, it was tight, you know I mean?
But it's time to go inside and brush your teeths, dawg.
Ain't my bedtime yet, and only bitches and sissies brush their teeth more than once a day.
Can I tell you something right quick?
I'm sick as fuck of this attitude, little ma'fk.
I ain't give a fuck how big you are, dawg.
I'm-a step to you, you know'm sayin', if you don't fly the fuck up on that party bus and brush them shits, dawg.
I ain't shook.
You know what?
Maybe you should be shook.
Brush them sluts!
Yo, J, chill, chill, chill, man.
Yo, little man, it's getting late, and I'm going to bed too soon.
You know I mean, just go up in there and brush your teeth, you know I mean?
You know the ladies love homies with white teeths.
A'ight, T.
Only 'cause you said so, not Ice-Ice-Maybe.
No need to be mean.
You're whack, man.
Oh, my Christ, that little mahfucker's hard as fuck!
It's hard being a dad to someone who's harder than you.
Ya, man, it's all good, though.
Don't worry.
You guys barely know each other, you know I mean?
You're tight, and he's tight.
Just give it a minute, and you guys start clicking, believe me.
It's just hard, that's all.
But I appreciate that y'all sluts got my back. fuck, it's hard!
Good night, T.
Night, Walter White.
See? What'd I tell you?
Baby steps.
He didn't call me "bitch".
He didn't call me "bitch"!
That's a victory, ain't it?
I'm saying.
You've got to start somewheres.
I'm gonna tuck that mahfucker in he bunk.
You best be in your jammies, huh!
I am.
Holy fuck!
I haven't had this much fun in years!
What do you say we get in the hot tub and pop this?
Yeah, I'm totally down.
I am in no state to drive.
Well, pop that shit up, then, bitch!
All right.
Oh, shush!
He's answered!
Barb? Is that you?
Yeah, hi, Jim.
I hope you're ready for romance.
Oh, well, actually we have a little bit of a situation here.
Is that Leslie?
Shush, shush, shush!
What sort of a situation?
Well, you know
I went to lunch with Donna and the girl.
Well, Donna won a whole bunch... of money gambling, and it sort of went from there.
You sound drunk.
Oh, I had one... well, a few.
But none of us wanted to drive, so Donna has rented a room to be safe.
And guess who's not getting banged tonight, Lahey: you!
So, when can I expect you home?
Oh, I-I-I'm going to stay here tonight.
I hope you didn't go to too much trouble, but I will make it up to you tomorrow, I promise.
It's not the end of the world.
I gotta piss real fucking bad.
I hope you have a good night, Barb.
A'ight, speed round:
Betty or Wilma?
Betty or Veronica?
Jem or the Holograms?
The Misfits.
What's going on, boys?
Rick, Christ, ma'fk, what's going on with your arm?
Colonel Leslie, the fuck-dick, has a rubber bullet shotgun now.
Oh, my fuck!
That's good fucking times.
Yeah, I'm all right.
The good news is, boys, phase one is complete.
The liquor's in
Lahey's trailer.
Bam! Even better news, dawg.
Phase two is about to dr-r-rop. our brand new landscape company.
Here's what we do, y'all.
Get clients up in the park, then we fuck with they grass, know'm sayin'?
We fuck with they bushes!
We fuck with they flowers!
Br-r-rap, park! fuck!
Nice work, boys.
I love it.
Wassup, dude?
Cory, you're supposed to be painting the motel, not your fucking shirt.
What happened?
Oh, sorry, dude, the day got away on us.
I was counting on you.
I know.
I was counting on me, too, but...
You're fucking useless, man.
It's kind of my fault too, Julian.
We thought if we teamed up together, we'd be able to get more done but...
Sorry, dude.
Can I show you what we were working on though, Ricky?
This should be fucking good.
And I said white paint, dummy.
Hey, Misfits or
Power Rangers?
Power Rangers or
Ninja Turtles?
I ain't banging no Ninja Turtles.
Holy fucking tiger balls!
Me and Cory set up ten of these.
You even got the clones?
Yeah, man, we knew you were busy, so Jacob went to your buddy Reggie's and picked stuff up, and I wired up the lights.
The two of us'll have the front of the motel painted tomorrow.
Yeah, Julian, look, please don't be mad, man.
It's just we work really good together, and I think we're an awesome team.
Boys, this is fucking amazing.
Yeah, like I'm fucking speakless right now.
You two work together from now on.
Put your hands up.
I'm fucking proud of you guys.
So am I.
Thanks, dude.
All right, let's all have some drinks, boys.
Great fucking job!
Good work, man.
Let's get some drinks.
This is awesome, dude.
[Randy] Mr. Lahey...
This looks beautiful.
Am I interrupting something?
Not anymore.
Unless you're hungry or thirsty.
I'm starving and thirsty.
What happened to the love of your life, Barb?
She's out with Donna and Sarah.
They're getting drunk.
That sounds like fun. fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck...
This is where I seent him, Bubbles.
Right around here.
He ran down over that fucking bank right there. fuck! Ricky, look at that.
Real Bigfoot poop!
Jesus Christ, look at the size of it.
Looks like a shit cobra.
God, look, there's a whole bone in it, and some corn!
Ricky, be careful.
You're gonna spook the cocksucker.
We could make a fucking fortune off this, Bubbles.
Keep him in a cage, sell tickets on him like they did with Donkey Kong.
That was King Kong, Ricky.
No, no, his son, Donkey.
Remember that, the video game with him and his
Mexican uncle, Lugi?
I think they live in Hong Kong?
Anyway, they're probably rich as fuck.
Holy fuck!
It's go time!
[Bubbles] Crack him again, Ricky!
No! Ricky, fuck!
Wait, wait!
It speaks English!
Holy fuck!
What the fuck are you guys doing?
What the fuck are we doing?
What the fuck are you doing here?
Living in a cave?
I had nowhere to go when shit went down with me and Cyrus.
What was I supposed to do?
Why don't you put some fucking clothes on, at least?
'Cause I like the fucking freedom, Ricky.
I'm fucking starving, though.
Please, guys, get me some food.
I've got    bucks,
I'll pay you. bucks? We're about to make gazillions.
There's a fucking "Saskatchewauntch" running around here.
We're going to catch it and sell it.
No, Ricky. This is the fucking thing people have been seeing running around the woods.
Oh, my fuck!
Are you serious?
I'm famous?
That's fucking cool.
But I am fucking starving.
Seriously, I haven't eaten in two days.
Please, Ricky.
No chance, you hairy shit-lunch.
You fucked everything up on us.
Oh yeah?
How about I go down where you're growing your fucking weed and leave the biggest shit you ever fucking saw?
Take it easy.
Don't fuck with my clones.
I'll get you some lunch.
What do you want?
Oh, yeah!
Chalet, man.
White meat only.
Extra fries... and cook 'em extra too.
Dipping sauce...
And... and if the Festive Feast is still going on, get me some of those fucking sweet and salty chocolate balls.
Oh, you guys are the best. Thanks, man.
I'll be right fucking here.
Oh, my God.
Did that really just happen, or am I just super fucking high right now?
I'm sure you're super high, Ricky, but that did happen.
The metamorphosis is complete.
Sam is an actual
There you go.
Now I'll be able to hear you a lot better, Julian.
What's that, bud?
You want to share your drink with me?
It's a special day.
Sorry, bud.
You want to drink too?
That'd be so nice.
Me and Julian... alone at last.
[Julian] All right, listen up, everyone.
I was hoping to sell the motel and use the money to buy Sunnyvale, but... unfortunately, that's not going to happen anymore.
The good news is that fucking lunatic, Leslie, he's no longer there.
So, you guys can all go back to Sunnyvale and live in peace.
Huh! Live in piss, you mean.
We're not going anywhere, are we?
[Julian] Look...
The motel's flooded.
It's going to be moldy soon.
It's going to rot away and fucking collapse.
It's just not safe!
I grew up in Sunnyvale.
I care about it.
Just like I care about all of you.
And if you live in Sunnyvale, you are my family.
So just trust me.
Go back to Sunnyvale.
That's all I gotta say.
Well, fuck it!
Let's go.
[slurring] Ah, Julian, you made me spill my drink, bud.
A little drinky-poo?
Hey, you want to know something, Julian?
I think I might have made a little mistake, bud... trying to keep Ricky out of the park.
Because things got a little screwed up, didn't they, bud?
Because I turned my back on the fucking liquor!
And there's only one fucking way to make it right, Julian.
It is not too late, bud!
It's never too late, bud.
Eh, Julian?
All right, yeah.
Sounds good.
Talk to you in a bit.
Hey, boys.
How'd it go?
Let me guess, there was no Samsquamptches.
Oh, no, we saw a fucking
Samsquamptch all right.
But it turned out to be a Sam-squamptch.
Sam Losco's living in a fucking cave out in the woods eating snakes and squirrels.
He's the fucking thing everyone's seent running around the goddamn woods.
Are you fucking serious?
Yup, and he's not worth a goddamn cent.
We're fucked!
I'm sorry, man, that I fucked up...
Cory fucked up, really,
Bubbles fucked... everyone's just fucking up.
Look, man, it's all right.
You didn't fuck up on purpose.
It's cool.
No, I know, but I do feel partly responsible that this all got cocked over.
You know, man, whatever it takes,
I'll do anything to help you fix this disaster.
You know what you can do?
Go pick up your family, and take them back to the park, bud.
Pshh, I wish I could, but
I can't. You know that.
Rick, there's no one there to stop you now.
Yeah, Ricky, go back to the park, and be with your family.
That's a good fucking point.
You should go with him.
No, I'm going to stay here with you, Julian.
If you recall,
I don't actually have a "home" to go back to.
But you should go,
Ricky, it'd be nice.
All right...
I will.
Thanks, boys. fucking love you guys.
Yeah, love you too, you fucking dick.
I love you guys.
You okay?
What the fuck are you doing?
Means I'm happy.
Try it, Ricky.
Feels good.
I thought I was just going to make a statement about how much of a friggin' jerk Leslie is.
But when we got there, he used his one phone call to call the real police.
And he filed sexual assault charges against me!
Just for checking his oil!
Mr. Lahey!
Mr. Lahey!
Mr. Lahey!
We gotta get rid of this liquor, bud.
Just you and me, buddy...
Just you and me.
Oh, God, I want to be warm with you.
Oh, Julian!
So, what's the verdict, Julian?
Now, I make this call, and we'll be done this afternoon.
No turning back.
What call? fuck it. Let's do it.
All right.
All you need is a signature. of the house.
All right?
What the fuck call is he talking about?
What's going on?
Bubbs, I didn't want to involve you in this.
But if we want to get the park back, there's one option left.
And it's fucking greasy.
[sigh] I don't like the word "greasy."
You mean greasy or do you mean gree-hee-easy?
You stay here, little buddy.
I'll be right back, okay?
Luce, Trin!
How's it going?
Don't want any trouble.
I'm just here to take my family home for good.
In the car.
We're moving back to Sunnyvale.
What are you talking about?
It's for real, Luce.
Colonel Leslie the fuckhead's in jail, and I'm moving back into my trailer today, and I want both of you to come with me.
Are you serious?
Dead serious.
Come on, let's get the baby strapped in the car.
No, stop!
Not a chance.
Excuse me? You let the fuck go of my daughter!
Ricky! No, Ricky!
Come on.
Come on.
There is not a snowball's chance in hell that that baby is getting in that unsafe piece of shit.
Is that fucking right?
That's right.
I'm sick of this shit.
They're my fucking family, so I'm just gonna knock you the fuck out right now, you...
Ricky, no!
Ricky, don't!
Calm the fuck down, dumbass!
I just meant
I'll take them over in my car.
You don't think
I'm sick of this shit myself?
I get it, okay?
Lucy's never going to love me the way she loves you.
Go with your family.
Look, George... even though you're a dick and pretty much one of the biggest fuckheads in the world, in my opinion most of the time,
I'm generously sorry it had to go down like this.
I know how much you liked her, and it's gonna really suck for you, you don't get to bang her anymore.
But there's plenty of fish in that sea, isn't there?
Dad, Moe is restless.
Do you have hair bear?
Ah, fuck my ass!
I knew I forgot
Well, what about Willie?
They're both made of the same hair.
I can leave Willie with you guys.
I'll meet you back at the park?
I'll swing by the motel and get the hair bear.
I can't fucking wait to tap that, Lucy.
Ooh, it's gonna be nuts!
Sorry, Trin.
All right, see you later.
Tapping that, and I might even tap that if you let me.
[Ricky] Come on, Willie.
You can't stay in here.
This is fucking greasy, Julian!
Why are these guys even doing you a favor?
They're not.
They think they're doing
Steinberg a favor by fucking us over.
Stupid assholes!
Tommy, get the fuck over here to help me with the porn tapes.
Smile, you fuckheads.
You're going to get booma-fucked.
What if we get caught?
We can't get caught.
As far as anybody knows, we're in a meeting with Steinberg right now.
It's the perfect fucking alibi.
Yeah, other than the fact you can hear us on this thing.
No, you can't.
I ripped the fucking mic out.
Don't worry,
I thought of everything, man.
[Bubbles] fuck, Tommy...
...freaking out.
[Julian] Come on, hurry the fuck up, you guys.
Just fucking light it!
What are they doing?
Why are they so dumb?
For fuck's sakes!
[Bubbles] Who the fuck burns down a motel like this?
Hurry the fuck up!
A'ight, y'all.
This bus is old as fuck.
I know some of y'all can relate.
But it's not working right now, but we're getting it fixed.
But the good news is, there's gonna be some world-class entertainment, y'know m'sayin', while we wait.
Ladies and gentlemen, apple-dawgs and mahfs, give it up for my boy, MC Flurry.
Ah, yeah!
Spit some shit, dawg.
My height may be low
My bike may be slow
But when I'm rockin' on the mic
That's right.
We stand fuckin' toe to toe
'Cause I'm hard as fuck, bitch
I ain't no hamburger platter
I'm hard as fuck, bitch
For me it don't matter
'Cause I'm hard as fuck, bitch
[Jacob] fucking penis bacon, man. I tell ya.
Dude, what's up, man?
It's okay, we're gonna get it.
What's wrong with you?
I'm frustrated.
Why did the engine have to blow up right now?
'Cause, you know what?
This engine is bullshit.
But we're together.
We're hanging out.
So it's all good.
What can you do?
Yeah, you're right, dude. Sorry.
I wanted to get back to the trailer before Trinity got there, y'know.
Check it.
I'm gonna ask Trinity to marry me today.
I got this at Eon's.
Don't pay a cent for six months.
That's a real cubic zarcarbion.
Holy shit, dude!
Man, it sparkles like a motherfucker.
Man, dude, and it follows you where you look.
I'm so happy for you, man!
It's awesome!
It does, eh.
I'm so nervous, though.
It's all I can think about.
I really don't want to fuck this up.
You won't, man.
You know what,
I believe in you...
Hey, Sifto.
Y'all want to hear a joke?
How many bitches does it take to repair an engine?
How many? more than two.
Get the fuck off the bus.
Let me and my old man do the job.
We ain't dumb, bitch.
That wasn't even a funny joke.
Shut up!
Hey, hey, hey...!
Hey, man, let me axe you something right quick, a'ight?
Did you just call me a old man?
Yeah, sorry, dawg.
Don't mean no disrespect.
Yeah, but you meant, like... like your old man, right?
You meant I'm your old man.
I'm your old man.
I love a ma'fck.
We fam now, dawg, ain't we?
I love you, dawg,
I love you.
Love you too, dads. fuck off, you old white bitch!
Hah... clownin'
I'm an old man.
I'm an old man to a little ma'fck.
I'm a old man...
Not like old... the way that you're old...
Doesn't matter, J-Roc.
Come on, come on, come on, we need this evidence, Bubs.
[Cyrus] Could you buy a fucking better lighter?
[Julian] Ah, you got to be fucking kidding me!
That fucking thing.
[Bubbles] What the fuck is
Ricky doing here?
Jesus Christ!
What the fuck!
Oh, my God, Julian.
They're going to see him.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, my God, Julian... fuck, fuck, fuck!
What the fuck do we do?
[Ricky] What the fuck are you guys doing?
None of your fucking business, Ricky!
[Bubbles] What do we do, what do we do?
I don't know!
What the fuck do you mean, you don't know?
[Bubbles] Holy fuck, Julian, they're going to kill him!
Ricky's too stupid to die.
That doesn't even make any sense!
Yes, it does!
We have to get that fucking motel lit.
Give me your sock.
What the fuck do you mean, my sock?
Just give me your fucking sock!
What do you want my sock for?
If he dies 'cause you want my sock...
Just give me the fucking sock.
Jesus Christ.
What are you doing?
Give... me a light.
I don't have a fucking light!
I don't smoke!
I got to get to Ricky, man, we got to light this thing up.
Take the camera.
Wait here.
I'm not fucking...
Just wait there!
Now my fingerprints are on this thing!
[Ricky] You're dumb and you can't aim!
[Cyrus] fuck you!
Go to the car.
One, two, three.
Mr. Lahey?
Mr. Lahey!
Mr. Lahey!
Mr. Lahey?
Why are you having a bath... with a mannequin... that looks like Julian?
You filled this all with liquor?
You want me to go get Julian?
Okay, okay, Mr. Lahey.
But, let's get you out of here first, okay?
We're going to put you to bed.
Come on...
Okay, Mr. Lahey, you're scaring me right now.
Mr. Lahey!
I'll go get him right now, Mr. Lahey!
You all out of fucking ammo now, dummy?
Does that answer your question, pussy tits?
[Ricky indistinct] ...fucking Tommy trying to burn down the fucking motel!
I know, it's all part of my plan and you're fucking it up!
Then why are you shooting at them?
Because they can't know that I'm the one paying them to burn it!
Give me your lighter!
Why didn't you fucking tell me about this?
'Cause I was afraid you'd fuck everything up.
Yeah? Well, now you didn't tell me and I'm still fucking up.
So what does that tell you?
What the fuck are you doing?
The hair bear's in there!
I need that!
No, Ricky!
Holy fuck!
I'm coming, hair bear!
You're not going in there, you idiot!
I got to get the fucking hair bear!
Get in here!
Get in the fucking room!
Ahh! Oh, my fuck, boys!
This is the most fucked up situation we've ever been in!
No, it isn't.
Looks like the three little pigs are serving up a pig roast for us!
Boys, I got to get the fucking hair bear.
No, Ricky, just wait!
What the fuck are we going to do here?
We're either going to get shot or we're going to fucking burn to death, and both options are fucked!
Just calm the fuck down and let me think!
[Ricky] I shouldn't be involved, this is fucking bullshit!
Just wait, listen!
Is that a heli-cocksucker?
"Live In The Sky" is going to loop around right now...
Traffic seems to have died down.
Oh, wait a second, folks!
Uh, breaking news, here.
"Live In The Sky" is reporting a fire at the Palliser Motel.
I repeat, the Palliser Motel is on fire.
Oh, fuck. Tommy, it's a helicopter!
I hate fucking helicopters, man!
Two little grease balls just drove off in a red car.
We're going to swing this baby around right now and you keep you live in action here...
Cyrus is gone, but...
Steve Rogers is out there in his excellent news chopper!
Great! Jesus Christ!
Jesus Christ, keep the door shut, Bubs!
Holy fuck, boys! There's got to be a way out of here!
Well, we can't go until I get the fucking hair bear back!
You go outside and we get caught on that camera, we're going the fuck back to jail!
I need him!
We could use these!
Fine. If I can't go out there,
I'm fucking going through here.
[Julian and Bubbles] Rick! Ricky!
[Julian] For fuck's sakes, Rick, what are you doing?
[muffled] Where the fuck are you, hair bear? Hair bear!
Here, Ricky, put this on.
Why the fuck do I get the one with the dress?
Just put the fucking thing on!
For fuck's sakes.
[Steve Rogers] As you can see, the Palliser Motel is on fire.
And now we can see three not-so-little bears trying to make a getaway.
Looks like Mama bear has some kind of revolver...
Get in the fucking car, Ricky!
They're making their way to their vehicle.
We'll circle around and see where they're headed.
I'm Steve Rogers, your "Eye In The Sky".
Let's go!
[Ricky] Don't want to break the law, now I get tangled up in this bullshit!
[Julian] Shut the fuck up and drive!
[Bubbles] Will you boys stop fighting, please!
Well, fuck, Bubbles!
Will you fuck off with you big helicopter?
You're just showing the fuck off!
Can't believe I got caught up in this.
What the fuck does he want?
Sto-o-op! Stop, stop, stop!
[Ricky] What the fuck do you want?
We're kind of busy here, bud!
Mr. Lahey's in a tub full of liquor.
He's trying to drink himself to death.
You gotta save him, Julian!
He'll only talk to you. fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck!
If he kills himself, we're fucked!
Go, Ricky! Go, go, go!
Come on!
[Ricky] I'm fucking driving as fast as I can.
[Randy] Why are you guys dressed like three bears?
[Bubbles] It's a long fucking story, Randy!
Just shut up! fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck...
Steve Rogers here, with "Live in The Sky".
What began as our "Sasq-watch" has now evolved into a high speed chase involving three bears.
It appears, police are in hot pursuit.
Dude, man, you just gotta do it.
Okay, I will.
I mean, I'll try. fuck I'm so nervous, dude.
Can you ask her for me?
Uh, hell to the no, man.
Come on, man, guy's gotta hang his own bird.
Besides, I'm not your family.
And it's pretty weird.
You're my family,
Cory. Totally.
We're brothers.
Yeah, man.
[Ricky] I've got a plan, we're not fucking going to jail.
We're not going to jail!
[Bubbles] I might as well get my jail suit on!
I cannot fucking believe
I'm caught up in this shit!
I'm trying not to break the law, now I'm in a fucking high speed chase!
Get into Ricky's trailer!
[Bubbles] I'm gonna die!
I'm going to fucking die!
There appears to be another animal with the bears now.
It looks like a walrus in a blanket.
[Ricky] Get in the fucking trailer, Bubs!
You know
I love you.
I'm so happy we're all a family.
I was wondering if you would... would you...
[Ricky] Hey Lucy, hey Trin.
How's the baby Motel?
What the hell is going on here?
Here, I've got hair bear for ya.
Bit of a long story, actually.
Oh, my God!
We got into a fucking horror show at the motel.
Cops followed us here. in the sky.
We're in big shit here!
We have the trailer surrounded.
Cory, Jacob, put the suits on.
Yeah. Why?
'Cause things got fucked up and you guys got to go to jail for me for a bit.
No, no, no, no, no.
I can't let that happen, sorry, Jacob.
Dad, you're going back to jail?
Okay, back up.
You've spent months trying to get us to come and live here with you as a family.
Now we're here, you and I haven't banged yet and you want to go back to jail?
You are fucked!
Look, I'll go to jail, you guys can bang.
You're not going to jail, Jacob.
Trin and The Motel need you here with them.
You spent most of Trinity's childhood in jail and look how perfect she turned out.
Let me do this for Moe.
It'll make me a better father.
Well, you got a good point there.
No! No, no, no, no, no, no,
He's got to come to jail with me, man.
It's going to be no more than two days max, dude.
Come on, please, let him come with me.
Please, please.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Get the fuck out here!
[Cory] Dude, man, we're coming! Shut up!
You know what, I got hostages and shit, we ain't even moving till you get us our fucking pizza!
Cory, shut the fuck up, saying we got hostages!
My God, boys, I'm freaking out,
I can't go to jail.
Randy, put this on.
I don't want to go jail.
Do you want me to deal with Lahey?
Well then, put the fucking bear costume on!
Look, I barely have a record, just let me do this, all right?
Listen, I'll put it on, Julian, but I'm not doing it for you, I'm doing it for...
For love, for Mr. Lahey.
[Julian] Just put it on!
[Ricky] Jacob, give me that fucking...
Jacob, just give him the suit, you son of a whore!
Oh, my fuck,
I'm gonna crank you.
Come out right now...
[Bubbles] Hurry up!
[cops] ...we'll break the door down!
Hurry up! You're all sweaty!
Randy, get that on...
Put the fucking bear costume on!
Jacob, I'm going to fucking wallop you!
The furry fugitives have barricaded themselves...
Two at the door. One more at least in the room.
Okay, okay here we go guys, here we go.
Move it, move it, hands up!
Get your fucking hands up!
Bears in custody. I repeat, bears in custody.
Looks like this incident ended peacefully.
I'm Steve Rogers, signing off.
Come on, let's go.
You, off.
Same, let's go.
Dude, we're going to have so much fun hanging out together in jail.
[cop] Hey, where's that other guy in there?
How's it going?
My name is Rick.
I'm the owner of the trailer, just coming from... church...
Yeah, I'll debrief you in a sec, sir.
Trin, can I talk to you for a sec?
What is it, Jacob?
I was wondering if you...
[cop] Yeah, come on.
If I what?
Ricky! Help!
Wait, what?
What's going on, Jacob?
Take it easy.
I was wondering, would you propose to Trin for me?
I'd be happy to... son.
[cop] Okay, let's go.
Have fun in jail, say hi to everybody.
We got to go bang right now.
Right now.
God, yeah, let's go.
Ohhh, hmmm...
Be right back, Bubs.
Where are you going?
To deal with Lahey.
Here, Willy, look.
Look, who's that?
That's you, as a bottle!
Jesus Christ, what the hell are you doing?
No, you're not, you're trying to drink yourself to death in a goddamn liquor bath!
Look, I've got a new offer.
Let's just sell the park, cut our losses, and start fresh.
Jim, you're like a father to me.
Like the father
I've never had.
This park's been a pain in our asses for a long, long time.
Won't you come live in the motel?
Whaddya say, Dad?
All you have to do, is sign right there.
Then we'll have a new beginning.
All right, all right, that's en... that's enough, Jim.
Just sign it.
We did it.
[squealing] Yeah, we did it.
Put these on and let's go celebrate.
This is a good thing, Jim Lahey.
This is a good thing, Julian!
I'm okay, Julian...
I'm okay.
[Ricky] fuck, I missed this thing.
Okay, but, circle...
Jeez, Trin's here, Trin.
Hey, Trin.
[Trinity] I'm sorry,
I need to know what Jacob said to you.
Just, uh, just have a seat, sweetie.
Well, there's no real easy way to... do this, I guess.
He just wanted me to get down on one knee and ask you...
Oh, my God, yes!
'Kay, hold on a second, though, I mean...
You do realize that he's not... good at smartly kinds of things. can't keep a job, he draws like an asshole...
It's okay, he's just like you.
Okay, well...
Will you marry me?
I mean, will you marry Jacob?
Yes, of course.
Congratulations, sweetie.
Thanks, Dad.
I'm so happy for you guys.
Thank you.
Sorry, I just got this thing from... your mom.
Yes, that's okay.
We're going to go now.
I'm happy for you guys.
Just... can you close the door and not come in for... about five minutes?
So sweet, and... so fucking hot.
I got to put this in you.
What's going on, Julian?
Got some good news, buddy.
We've just got to wait for Lahey.
Ay, Julian, I'm back with the fugees, y'all!
Sayin'! Back up in it!
You coming out, Lahey, bud?
That was awesome.
[Ricky] Jesus Christ, you look like a fucking snurf!
A liquor snurf!
All right, that's enough, Bubs.
All right, everyone.
Jim and I have an announcement to make.
We just sold the park.
Jesus Christ!
Who the fuck did you sell it to?
[Julian] We sold it to an investment company.
And the president of that company... is me.
I'm the new owner of
Sunnyvale, there, Jim.
And as the new owner,
I'd like to do two things.
Number one: This is no longer a dry park.
[Julian] You can drink whatever you want, whenever you want, hours a day if you want.
Woo hoo hoo!
What about hash and weed?
[Julian] Sure, man. Anything.
And number two...
I want you... to get the fuck out of my park. the motel burned down this morning.
Thank fuck I had fire insurance.
Great time for that to happen, eh, bud?
Perfect timing.
You did it to yourself, Jim.
You did it the day you wouldn't let Ricky in, and you did it the day you turned this into a dry park.
Now get the fuck out of here.
You heard him, Lahey.
Get the fuck outta here!
Get the fuck out!
Get the fuck out!
Get the fuck out!
Get the fuck out!
[J-Roc] What!
Get the fuck out!
Get the fuck out!
Get the fuck out!
That's what's up.
Get the fuck out!
That's what's up.
That's what's up.
[Bubbles] That's the last time you fuck with us!
Okay, everyone.
Welcome back to the new... old Sunnyvale.
Now, I got a tub of
Roc vodka in there.
Ten bucks a head, all you can drink.
Let's get fucking drunk!
Drinky-time, buddy.
Great going, Julian.
I'll take a rain check,
I'm going to bang
Lucy again.
Right on, buddy.
Let's go, let's go, you guys,
Ten bucks inside, I'll get it from you.
I don't fucking... piece of shit!
Just fuck off.
Get the fuck off... my fucking park now!
You guys... never allowed in my... fucking park again... ever!
Take your fucking... cocksucking cameras, shove them up your fucking archetypical asses!
[Ricky] Nobody throws a party for you when you're bornt.
You have to wait a whole goddamn year.
Why the fuck is that fair?
I couldn't wait that long.
I want to show my gramson how much I love him.
I got Willy-goat, Ricky.
Well, it's about fucking time.
I'm trying to have a family portrait here.
How's it going, little man?
Oh, you like that, don't ya?
Things are going so well with Ricky and I, it took us a while to start banging again, but now that we are, he is, uh... he's giving    %, for sure, uh, it's dirty.
The fuck is wrong with this thing, Bubs?
Willy pooped in the punch.
Can you taste it?
I didn't taste it.
I got to get fresh punch.
Taste it and see if you can taste it.
Nice looking wiener there, Rick.
Thanks, Luce.
We're the happiest we've ever been.
I mean, after my Dad proposed to me... on Jacob's behalf, everything just kind of fell into place.
It follows you wherever you look. Yeah!
Ay, let me tell y'all something right quick.
Sometimes life's like "Bing, bong!
Hey man! Got a surprise for your candy, some shit you didn't see coming," y'know I mean?
And I'll be honest with you,
This was my surprise right hurr.
Whaddup y'all?
You know I'm sayin'?
And at first,
I was like,
"Ain't got time for this, y'know I mean?
I got hoes to row, you know I'm sayin'?
Skrilla to make, joints to drop."
But then I realized something important, y'all:
You don't gotta choose maf'ks.
One mafk go to the other mefk, you just combine meefks!
You know I mean?
Know what I know?
I'm down with old hoes.
Makin' breakfast, goin' for walks.
I don't care if all the hustlers gonna judge me.
A mahfucka feel safe.
Know I mean?
Plus, I've been around,
I know just how to snack it up, flip it, and rub it down.
Now, ain't that some shit.
First I was like,
"Who's this
Kelsey Grammar-lookin' bitch?"
But turns out he's a'ight.
Dang right, and now we tight.
And we combined forces in a brand new business venture.
It's still a party bus, and it's still bumping.
But now it's more like, a birthday party bus, you know I mean?
Goose! When I say silly, y'all say goose! Silly...
[all] Goose!
When I say silly...
We still poppin' bottles and all dat, but now it's more like, bottles of... ginger ale, or root beer rep. Sayin'?
Silly, silly, goose, silly, huh! Silly, huh!
The only thing that sucks about being in jail is that it went by too fast, man.
We had so much fun there.
But now we got a wedding to plan.
And I couldn't think of a better best man.
Aha, gotcha.
In hindsight I might've got... a little carried away on the entrepreneurial front.
You know, I started trying to expand like Richard Branson.
Basically, and I just... it was too much, too fast, and then I got a little bit, you know... a little carried away with... possessions like... TVs, and... nice fancy shed and all the things I had.
And really, I figured you don't need that stuff.
You just need your friends and your family, some... liquor, some nice liquor, some nice dope, and some... nice warm kitties to keep you company at night.
Things couldn't be going any better for me right now, in my life.
I mean, I'm the owner of Sunnyvale
Trailer Park, for fuck's sakes.
How good does that sound?
Things were going a little fucky there for a little while, and I was going to throw in the towel, but then I said "Hey, reverse psychology is working for you."
So I stuck with it, and what can I say?
Everything worked out.
Hey, babe.
I was thinking,
I'm getting a little tired...
Thinking about maybe we shouldn't get some greasy shit going later on tonight.
See, that's reverse psychology.
Want a drink?
Yeah, just... get that in ya.
Life's great.
I'm in for arson.
Burning down the fucking motel.
Jail fuckin' sucks.
But, on the plus side,
I got lots of time to figure out how in the fuck
I'm going to fucking fuck Julian back over.
'Cause the fuzz says they got me on videotape.
But there's only one ape coulda done that.
Fuckin' jerkmeat Julian better watch the fuck out.
Cyrus! You piece of shit!
I know you set me up!
You fuckin' rats!
Every time you open your mouth, Tommy, my cock gets homesick.
Oh, I got four words for you, motherfucker:
"Slingshot to the face!" fuck you.
No, fuck you!
We hit the road, just to get out of Sunnyvale for a bit.
All the drama.
All the assholes.
Yeah, we opened up a Mystic Fingers day spa in Yarmouth.
And business was good, too.
Like, really good.
Oh, we were killing it.
Till one of the seniors turned out to be a police officer.
Cops don't like it when you cop a feel.
So we got arrested.
My name is Colonel Dancer.
Not Private Dancer.
You don't crawl up through the swamp of rankings to be called a "Private".
I'm a colonel.
I always will be a colonel.
To hell with that,
I might even make general.
No, I'll go further.
I'll be a goddamn field marshal. revolvers, baton, make Patton look like a pussy.
Be back on Omaha Beach again 'fore we know it, with real men. People doing a mission, a job, getting the job done.
What are you drooling for, soldier?
Getting thrown in jail's been a happy accident.
I mean, don't get me wrong, we had great business in Yarmouth.
But business in jail is banging.
Like, literally banging.
'Cause there's tons of bored chicks here that want to pass the time with the mystic fingers, right?
We are making money hand over fist.
I could run the country,
I could run the world,
I could run a marathon.
Do you want to run a marathon?
Whaddya say, soldier?
Let's do it, let's go now, the two of us, just us against the world!
What's wrong with these people?
Even though our journey was to Yarmouth,
I feel like my personal journey was more profound.
Like, life-changing.
I realized that my entire life
I have been defined by a man.
And I don't need one.
You love a person, not a gender.
And all through this whole thing,
Sarah has been a rock.
And, Donna too.
Men, I've got my girls.
Here's a brand new one, little buddy.
Look, it matches
Grampie's shirt.
It's great, Dad.
I'm so glad you were bornt.
You want another drink?
Here you go.
Hm, delicious isn't it?
[Ricky] Let me take him around.
Let's go see some people.
Thanks for coming to the borntday party.
I'm going to go see Lahey.
Hey, I brought you some cake, bud.
Julian! Haha!
How you doing, bud?
That was really thoughtful of you.
Hey, Julian.
I'm surprised your pants aren't on fire you're such a friggin' liar.
What are you talking about?
I went to jail for you,
I should be allowed back in the trailer park.
You frigged me over.
Jesus, Randy.
You're allowed in the park.
Just not with him.
That's not friggin' fair.
Yeah, it's fair, Randy.
I've frigged myself over, but I recognize that.
Randy, I did what I had to do, okay?
It's for the best, anyway.
Have a good night, Jim.
Cheers, Juli.
Randy! Don't talk like that, bud.
You know what?
I'm going to get the park back.
How the frig are you going to do that?
Randy, it'll be a piece of cake, bud.
Piece of cake.
I'm already    sexy steps ahead of him, Bo-bander.
Bag him and tag him, Amanda.
And get some of that de-stink from behind the front seat.
Tagged and bagged him.
Good work. fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck...
This is a big night for me.
I finally did something on my own and it paid off.
That's why things got fucked up in the past, 'cause of fucking Julian and Bubbles.
I finally got myself learnt.
If you want something done right, you get it done by your own.
Well, we helped a bit too, Ricky.
Yeah man, we totally had your back, dude.
Will you shut the fuck up?
Can't you see I'm talking here?
Anyway, I got this incredible backdoor deal with one of the dispensaries in Halifax.
Cash money.
I'm done, I finally fucking did it.
Julian and Bubbles are probably going to be a little pissed off at first but...
I'm just gonna throw a massive party and that'll fix it.
Parties fix everything.
Okay, boys.
Just up here past this treeline.
When we get there, no talking, no fucking around.
We get the plants cut down as fast as we fucking can and get out of here before that cock-sucking sun comes up, okay?
Hells, yeah.
Don't worry.
We got this, Ricky.
Thanks for bringing us to the harvest, eh?
What the fuck was that?
Is that the fucking cops?
Jesus Christ!
It's just a shotgun, boys.
Get the fuck up, you pussies!
Come on!
Oh, dude...
What the f...
Get back here! fuck you!
What the fuck you doing?
Oh, my fuck!
Oh, my fucking God!
Guess I shouldn't be fucking surprised.
Hermit crab whore bitches!
Why does God and the rest of the world keep fisting me up the fucking ass?
Oh, hey, fellas.
What's going on?
Check out the new set-up.
Check this out, I sold my pizza sauce recipe to that fucked guy with the weird accent.
Reinvested every penny into making beer.
Look at this.
Started off slow, but I'm making some... fucking decent money at it now.
Look at that.
Green Bastard IPA.
Selling a ton of that to people in the park.
Business is booming.
It's booming, but I am under some fucking pressure today.
Ricky's making some kind of major announcement.
He's throwing a big party.
I've got to get this whole batch bottled up because he ordered two-fours.
So it must be big fucking news.
I am pumped!
Hey, Bubs.
Hey, Julian.
How's the beer business treating you, buddy?
Oh, it's fucking amazing.
It's fucking amazing.
Lot less work than hauling shopping carts and all.
Here, bend over.
I'll take your temperature.
It's good that people are digging it, man.
Yes, sir.
You know what, I've been thinking.
Why don't you make a beer with my fucking name on it, and face?
Yeah, I might be able to.
Might be able to.
Maybe make a protein beer.
Call it Muscle Man.
That's real funny.
Get it?
So, what are your sales like, man?
Are you making a profit or what?
My sales?
My sales are fucking great, actually, Julian.
I see where this is going.
I see where this is...
Well,    Bubbles is making money now.
Bubbles is making money...
So Julian's all of a sudden very interested in the beer business.
Bubs, don't be an asshole.
Let me guess.
You wanna be part of it now, too.
I just wanna make sure you're doing the right thing here and nobody's ripping you off, okay?
Do you know the valuation of your company?
Do you know your profit margins on your sales each week?
Look, don't try to Michael Wekerle me, bud.
I watch Dragon's Den too.
I know all these fucking terms you're using.
Bubs, I'm fucked.
I'm broke, man.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
I-I'm trying to go legit here, man, but I'm finding it very, very hard.
I had movie night last night with a chick.
She had to buy the fucking popcorn.
Do you know how embarrassing that is?
Well, I told you.
You shouldn't be going to the movies.
It's a fucking rip-off.
Bubs, I was watching a movie in my trailer.
I couldn't afford fucking microwave popcorn.
Like, this is bad, man.
Oh, my God.
I don't know...
Julian, that's...
Just take that.
That's pathetic.
I don't want your charity.
Well, you need my charity, obviously.
Can't afford fucking popcorn.
You got another one of these?
No, I got that one!
And you should appreciate it.
You got a Band-Aid, man?
I can't get this donkey slut whore of a cut to stop bleeding!
It's driving me fucking nuts.
What in the fuck did you do to your arm?
That fucking girlfriend of yours.
Finally tried to do you in, did she?
I've been dating this girl Susan for four or five months, it's been fucking great.
I actually forgot how much I missed having someone to share everything with.
She is a bit hard to deal with at times, but... the fucking sex is the best I've ever had in my life.
Like, insane!
Like, it's so nuts that I've got to get back in shape.
I didn't realize how out of fucking shape I was till I started banging her.
This fucking thing is not fucking helping me!
Come on...
Part of me is really happy for Ricky.
I think it's good, and I think he needs a girlfriend in his life.
But, to be honest, she scares me a little bit.
And by a little bit, I mean massively.
And I don't like the way she controls his mind without him even realizing it.
MKUltra styles.
Jesus fuck, Ricky, look at this thing!
That is a nasty cut!
How in the fuck did you do this?
Well, me and Cory and Jacob were roller... blade skating, actually.
It was a fucking good time.
And we're flying along, and all a sudden, boom!
Hit this patch of ground, and we go down.
We went down fucking hard.
Jacob got the worst of it.
It was...
They shouldn't be allowed to make gravel!
It's just not good for roller blade skating, let me tell you.
Yeah, "roller blade skating"?
That's what you were doing?
How and where would you guys even get fucking roller blades, first of all?
Obviously, you stole them.
No, we didn't steal them.
We got them at the, uh...
What's that new store?
The I Rent Everything the guy opened up, or... fucking great idea buddy had.
Holy shit.
The I Rent Everything store?
Why the fuck are there ball bearings in Jacob's chest?
What happened last night?
Those aren't ball berries, they're fucking pieces of gravel from the roller blade skating accident we had.
Nice fucking try.
Tell me the truth!
Those are from a fucking shotgun shell.
Those are from a shotgun shell.
You got fucking shot again, Ricky!
Don't fucking lie to me.
Okay, you know what?
I'm fucking sorry, I've been keeping a secret from you guys the whole fucking summer.
I wasn't upgrading my Small Engine Repair Certificanation and I wasn't taking that fucking crane operator's course I told you about.
I was secretly growing dope by myself in the woods down by Billy Bastard's Bluff.
Unbelievable, Ricky.
You fucking promised me!
I know!
I'm sorry!
But, I mean...
It was fucking amazing.
I developed this new sativa strain with the head grower from that medical marijuana place in Moncton. fucking incredible!
Had irrigation, plants.
It was fucking beautiful!
Some of them were eight feet high!
It was amazing!
Don't give a fuck, Ricky.
I had a one shot, back door cash deal.
Was gonna happen today.
I would have been fucking done for life.
Don't give a fuck.
I don't give a fuck.
Last night it all went to shit.
And yes, I did take Jacob and Cory with me.
That's on me.
But it wasn't supposed to go down like that.
When we got there to fucking cut down the plants, there were these other guys and they fucking stole all my weed and they shot us.
You are unbelievable!
How could you take my husband, your son-in-law, on a job like that?
Well, he did want to go.
He didn't have to.
Oh yeah, it's his fault.
He wanted to go.
What if he wanted to fucking shove a rutabaga up your arse, Ricky?
Would you let him?
I don't even know what that is.
Why would you do this, man?
And without us?
You guys could have been fucking killed.
You know what, boys?
I was this fucking close to being retired.
This fucking close!
I'm gonna find out who stole the weed and fucking kill them!
No, you're not!
It's over.
The weed is gone.
Leave it.
I should have fucking known.
I should have known that the big announcement was gonna have something to do with illegal bullshit, Ricky.
Every fucking time.
No, that's... that's not what the big... announcement's gonna be at all.
It's something totally different.
Bigger than a fucking tiny little drug deal.
So there's still a big announcement, is there?
And you still need all that beer?
Yes, I do.
Big fucking announcement coming down the pipe.
You're gonna...
Big announcement still coming, everybody!
Big announcement!
It better be a fucking doozy, Ricky.
It's gonna be a fucking major doozy.
You're so full of shit, man.
We're finally getting out today.
You know, I hate this fucking despicable shit hole!
Randy and I got nothing now.
We'll be starting over from scratch, but... that's okay.
'Cause at least we won't be in here.
At least we'll have each other.
I love my Randy, my beautiful Randy.
The time in here has helped Mr.
Lahey and I get closer than we ever have been.
I don't think our love has ever been stronger.
I just hope he's okay in the head when we get out, that's all.
What do you want, Ted?
We're free men now?
Rumour has it that you're going to try and make things difficult for me.
Well, the truth will set you free, Ted.
I'm gonna bet you won't.
In fact, I'm gonna bet you    grand.
That's for you screw-ups.
Some "shut the hell up" money.
That $   K we busted you guys with was supposed to go to the Crown Attorney under the Proceeds of Crime Act.
And it would have been locked up in an evidence room forever.
That didn't make sense to me.
Now, I'm not George Green.
Our department needed computers and forensics equipment, and a new cruiser.
Let's just say I made sure that... that money stayed with the police station.
So, that just leaves you two jackasses as loose ends.
So, are we good here?
Or am I gonna have to fake some charges and keep you two pea-brains in here a little longer?
Oh, thanks a lot, Ted.
We're more than good.
Right, Mr.
Right, Randy.
You understand that this is hush money.
So not a goddamn word.
Or I'm going to destroy your lives.
Cell six.
No beating off.
Terry, this is your last...
Look at this fucking thing!
I built this by my fucking self.
Like, check it out.
I've got a wicked kitchen set-up.
I've got my bedroom here, a nice flat screen TV.
Like, get the fuck in and check that out.
It's fucking amazing!
All right, and come back here.
I got my downstairs bathroom here.
Got a bit of a bar in the trunk there.
And this is fucking wicked.
I built this for Moe for when he wants to sleep over.
He fucking loves it!
All right.
Now check this upstairs out.
This is fucking badass.
Look at this fucking patio!
I got a couple recliners here, blaster, TV... fucking nice lamp.
I made that myself.
A little stool for Jacob because he doesn't need much, he's fucked.
And if you get too banged up up here, got a nice fucking urinal.
You can piss right here, like this, and it runs right down the hose into the fucking downstairs bathroom.
What do you think?
Like, I am living like a fucking king!
Dude, this deck is awesome!
I love it up here.
It's so badass.
Yeah, Ricky, it really is incredible.
I know how fucking great it is, okay?
I built the fucking thing.
I know how awesome it is!
But back to the big announcement.
It's gotta be something huge or I'm going to come across like I'm a fuck dummy.
Why don't you tell everyone you're dead?
That's big, man.
But Cory, there's a problem with that, see...
I'm not dead, right?
See where I'm going with this?
What if you were running for President?
There's nothing huger than that.
That's brilliant, Jacob.
Really believable, that I'm gonna run for fucking President of Canada!
Okay, whatever it is, it has to be something huge and you gotta come in on... like, with something big.
You mean like a dump truck or something?
Because that would be cool.
Yeah, dude.
Why the fuck did I even ask you two cock slingers to help?
You're too fucked!
Oh, how about an animal?
Yeah, man.
Hey, something exotic.
Like a snow tiger.
You know what, an animal... might fucking do it.
But a fucking snow tiger, seriously?
Where the fuck am I gonna get a snow tiger around here?
It needs to be, like, an animal.
Something big.
But something we could get, like, locally.
Got it.
What the fuck is a steakmaker?
He means a cow.
A lot of people are calling them that these days.
Who the fuck calls them that?
People that are fucked in the head, that's who.
Oh, my fuck.
I've got it!
You were fucking close, too!
Something with four legs, eats grass and lives on a farm.
No, not a fucking spider.
A spider has ten legs.
A fucking hornse!
Think about it, a hornse!
It's beautiful!
Where did you even come up with that?
Don't know.
Just popped in my fucking head.
What if it was a gift for Susan?
That would make the announcement even bigger!
Dude, what if it was an engagement gift for Susan?
That makes the announcement even bigger-bigger!
But I'm not fucking engaged to Susan, you fucking ass hamsters, am I?
Yeah, but if you tell people you are, they'll believe you.
Imagine if you came in on an engagement horse.
Even better if you put a fake horn on that shit, it's an engagement unicorn horn.
That's fucking awesome!
You know what, boys?
It's fucking perfect.
I mean, not the unicorn shit.
That is completely fucked, Cory!
But that would be a big fucking announcement.
A fucking engagement hornse.
Holy shit!
This changes everything, Mr. Lahey!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, not so fast, Ran-Ran-Bodingo-Man!
Don't forget, when we go back to the park, Julian's gonna try to kill us.
Look, this money might be the answer to everything.
We could offer it to Julian.
Maybe he'd wipe the shit slate clean.
Seriously, sir?
Never forget it's Julian's fault our lives are so frigged up.
That's true.
They did this to us.
And they didn't have to go to jail.
We did.
That's a very good point, my sexy little Ran-Man.
Well... what if we offered him half the money?
Look, we'd still have enough money to live comfortably for a long, long time, Randers.
What do you think, bud?
You're right.
And then we'd have peace.
And a nest egg.
But we can never tell anybody about the money.
You promise?
I promise.
We'd never be safe, Mr. Lahey.
That's a deal.
We should stop at the King.
That's right,     go pick some fucking carrots.
Or whatever the fuck it is you do.
You idiots ready?
Okay, go time, go time.
Jesus Christ...
Sorry, dude!
Get the fuck in there.
Go, go, go, go.
Oh, yeah.
This fucking thing right here.
Look at the fucking paint job on this thing's fur!
It's beautiful!
It's awesome.
All right.
Let's get it the fuck out of here.
It's not moving, dude.
Well, fucking make it move.
How do we make it move?
You get in behind it and push.
Cory, you pull.
Come on, let's get this going, boys!
We've got to get out of here!
Are you...
I'm not sure that's a good idea.
I heard you're not supposed to stand behind a horse.
Shut the fuck up!
No talking, okay?
Jacob, you push.
Cory, you pull.
I'll help you, come on.
Push harder!
Punch it in the fucking ass!
Show it who's boss! fuck, fuck, fuck! fuck, shit...
It fucking hurts, boys.
I'm fucking sorry, Jacob, but man, you're gonna have to get the fuck up.
We've got to get out of here.
Are you okay?
I don't think I am.
Something's wrong with my neck.
It's fucking killing me. fuck, fuck, fuck!
Sorry, man!
Cory, you help him.
I'll get the fucking hornse.
But once again, boys, I'm wondering why the fuck I brought you two cock lanterns on this! fuck's sakes!
Dude, man, that was just like the Kool-Aid man.
Except, like, way worse and shit because he knew what he was doing.
Oh my God...
Oh my God, guys, I need to go to the hospital here.
My neck's really fucking killing me.
Something's wrong.
Jacob, chill the fuck out, okay?
It's probably just got a cank in it.
I'd be more worried about your ribs.
That horse kicked the fuck out of you.
Those are probably broken for sure.
Nothing you can do for broken ribs, so fuck going to the hospital.
You guys hungry?
I'm fucking starving.
Got Ricky's beer all bottled and ready to go.
I've got time now to make a few deliveries for some extra cash.
Did you get a good shot of the truck?
Make sure you get a good shot of it.
Look, I've got the cape there.
Got the speakers, just like a little ice cream truck but for beer.
You know, the beersman.
Going awesome.
Donnie's been my number one customer.
Some people think this beer's a little bit strong, but... fuck, Donnie seems to...
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
Are you fucking kidding me?
I just had that fucking thing re-gravelled!
Donnie, calm down.
I'll give you a free case to make up for it.
Oh, you're fucking right, you will!
And you tell fucking Ricky I want those fucking chicken fingers replaced he took last Friday...
Donnie, fucking relax.
Are you coming to the party?
I don't fucking know yet!
Okay, bud.
Can you imagine, going around being that fucking angry all the time?
He's gonna pop a blood vessel in his head. fuck's sakes!
Hey, guys.
Hey, can you give us a break?
We just got home.
We're trying to get our shit together here.
Yeah, frig off, guys!
All right.
It's about fucking time!
I've been waiting a long goddamn time for this.
Take it easy, Julian.
Dreamin' of...
You take it easy!
Calm down, we just wanna talk.
No, I wanna talk to you two fucking assholes!
Listen, Julian...
Randy, I'll handle it.
Julian, a lot of crazy, crazy shit went down there.
Yeah, because of you two drunken fucking lunatics!
Yeah, well...
You ruined my fucking life!
Randy and I are willing to take full responsibility, Julian.
Oh, you're taking full responsibility, all right.
Yeah, because we feel terrible.
But we think we have a plan to make it all up to you.
Jim, shut the fuck up.
I'm calling the shots here.
You took us for $   ,   !
So this is what's gonna happen.
I'm taking half your wages for the rest of your fucking life until you pay me back.
Rest of our lives?
You're lucky I don't fucking kill you right now, Randy!
Are we clear?
Y... yeah.
Wait a minute, Julian.
Calm down, it's just crazy talk, it's not fair. fuck you, Randy.
Just hear us out, we got a very generous offer...
Julian's given us his terms.
Thank you, Julian!
Sorry, bud!
Yo, what up, what up, what up, y'all?
Hope y'all having a good time.
Make some noise out there!
Yeah, y'all rocking with us, yo.
Hope y'all having a good time.
Yo, make some noise for my man, Ricky.
Thanks, boys.
How the fuck's everyone doing today?
Right on.
Well, today is a monument-alous occasion for me and that's why I wanted everybody here.
How's everybody fucking doing?
You ready for the big fucking announcement?
All right.
Cory, Jacob, you're on.
It's time.
Check out this fucking thing.
Oh, my fuck!
Are you joking, Ricky?
That's the big announcement?
You got a fucking horse?
Well, it's not for me, Bubs.
Isn't she beautiful?
What a beautiful hornse.
Or is it a...
Does it have a cock, boys?
Yeah, dude, it's got a huge one.
Actually, I guess it's a he, so...
Anyway, today, I want to give this beautiful hornse to the love of my life, Susan, and I'm gonna ask her to marry me.
So thanks again, everybody, for coming.
What the fuck is he doing?
Oh my fuck, Julian, this is bad.
This is bad!
What's the matter with you?
You don't need a fucking horse, you five-star dummy!
If she loves you and she wants to marry you, God help her, you don't need a fucking horse or anything else.
Ricky, get the fuck down here right now!
Get down here.
What's up, Bubs?
Well, what are you fucking doing?
What do you mean?
You're getting enga...
Are you out of your fucking mind?
You guys don't even fucking like each other.
You can't get married.
Like, all you do is fight and fucking bang.
And like, why would you even need this thing if you're getting engaged?
Great idea, boys.
A fucking big animal.
Great one! fuck, you guys...
Take this fucking thing back to the far... the horse store.
Right the fuck now.
Get going!
Nice one!
Let's go, dude.
Watch out.
Watch out, dude.
It's a beautiful horse, but I mean, Ricky...
Jesus Murphy!
You know what, though, Bubs, like...
I really do think that I love her enough.
And you know what they say, you know, good, hard, heavy banging should cancel out hard heavy arguing and fighting, right?
Ricky, who in the fuck says that?
Who says that?
Okay, you know what...
Maybe a hornse was a bit much, gifty-wise, whatever.
Just wanted to show my future wife how much I loved her so I wanted it to be big, but...
I guess the real big news here is the engagement.
I guess.
I guess it is, Ricky.
Congratulations, I don't know...
I just want you to be happy, but that's fucked.
Yeah, me too, bud, but...
Here she is now, everyone!
Thanks again for coming!
Where is he?
Hey babe!
Oh, there he is!
There's the whore hopping cock gobbler!
You dirty fucking low-down lying bastard, fucking prick!
You motherfucker!
Where did you catch it, huh?
From one of these rabie-pussy, fucking trashy trailer sluts?
Well, who are you calling a trailer slut?
Susan, Susan...
You want to bring it?
Just calm the fuck down, please.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Catch what?
Catch what?
Catch fucking what?
Is catch the fuck what!
I'm kicked out of my fucking house because of you!
You gave me an STD, you fucking piece of shit, you cheating, rotten, fucking shit-infused whore magnet.
We are fucking done! fuck you! fuck you!
Susan, hold the fuck on here.
You listen the fuck to me right now.
I didn't bang anybody else.
Why would I?
I love banging you!
And you're fucking living with someone?
What are you, married?
No, not exactly but  fucking years, Ricky.
What the fuck, Susan?
I thought we fucking loved each other or some shit here.
I was actually gonna ask you to fucking marry me today.
That's why everyone's here.
Marry you?
I'm fucking...
Marry you?
Look at you!
We were having an affair, you dumb dick.
It was low-down, good, dirty fucking sex and then you fucked it all up and ruined my fucking life, you dirty fucking slut.
All right, that's e-fucking-nough!
You don't have to fucking hit Ricky just because you have an STD!
Oh, right?
So was it you?
Yeah, it was fucking me, you stupid whore!
Susan, I didn't fucking sleep with someone else.
So it is impossible that I gave it to you.
You must have banged someone else!
Oh, fucking classic, Rick!
Turn it around on me like you always do.
You know what, you are so fucked.
You're fucking stupid.
You're fucking overweight.
You dress like a fucking idiot.
You wanna know why, Ricky?
Because you're a fucking loser. fuck you, Ricky LaFleur.
You suck my fucking cock!
Ricky, just let her fucking go.
It's for the best, buddy.
Oh, you fucking suck it!
You're better off without her.
You all right?
Yep, I'm fine.
You all right?
Let's smoke a joint...
Smoke a joint, get drunk.
Come on, man.
Uh, I'm good. fucking piece of shit!
Jesus, she is wild.
She's fucking crazy.
God fucking damn it, I'll just bend over again, and you can fucking decide what you want to shove in me this time!
Let's get the party going again...
That was...
...God's little fuck toy!
And what do you think, my sweet little goddess of liquor?
You know, you have no idea how much I've missed you.
What's that?
I totally agree!
Why'd you pansy out, Mr. Lahey?
You should never have accepted those terms.
Giving up half of our wages is way more than grand.
It's frigging ridiculous!
You're just not seeing it, my beautiful Ran-Ran-Thank-You-Man.
Sit down!
Look, me and the liquor, we've got it all figured out, bud!
It's gonna take a long time for Julian to rack up $  , from our wages, right?
So meanwhile, we can take the    that we were going to give that beautiful bastard, and we can double or triple it.
We just treat it like play money.
What are you talking about?
How do we double or triple it?
Horse track, baby!
We just sit back and we let the liquor choose our horses!
They've got a great canteen at the track.
Haven't changed the grease in years.
Well, as fucked as today was, I actually didn't do too fucking bad.
I'm surprised.
Just means I've got to sell more beer tomorrow, I guess.
That's not too bad.
Hey, buddy.
Listen man, can I borrow a few beer off you?
I've got Skyler coming over.
She doesn't drink rum, she wants fucking beer.
So that's my...
Skyler's my fucking problem now?
That's a nice wholesome name, too, Julian.
Where'd you meet her, at the church rally?
Do you got any fucking beer for me?
Obviously I have beer!
Okay, all right, thank you.
But the shit's not free to fucking make.
No shit.
It still costs money.
There's six.
Chill out, I'll get you the fuck back.
Chill out?
Well, how long do you plan on fucking living like this?
It's just a few fucking beer, man!
Oh, yeah, it's a few beer and then it's this...
Hey, boys.
I ran out of whisky.
Any chance you guys can lend me bucks for booze?
Need to get fucked out of my head, I'm only about quarter of the way.
Sorry, bud.
I got nothing.
And I'd get drunk with you tonight, but I got a chick coming over.
It's cool.
I kinda wanna be by myself right now anyway.
Bubs, could you help me out, please?
Jesus Christ's sweaty fucking balls, you guys are fucked!
Both of youse.
Look out, Ricky.
Look out.
I'll give you a little bit of whisky 'cause I do feel bad for what happened to you today.
That was fucked.
But I think it's for the best.
I really do.
Boys, I've got to fucking... get something off my chest here that's been building.
It's been building and I can't take it anymore.
Okay, listen.
I'll start off by saying I love you guys, okay?
I always have and I always will.
Love you too, buddy.
Yeah, me too.
What the fuck's up?
Just shut the fuck up!
Shut your big muscular lips and listen for once.
I've got the floor.
Now this might sting a bit, boys, but it needs to be said.
Have you guys looked in the fucking mirror lately?
Have you really looked in the mirror, like, went right up close and looked at yourself in the mirror?
I haven't.
I don't like getting too close to mirrors.
They fucking scare me.
Feel like they're going to suck me right in or something.
Well, you should do it, Ricky, because it's fucking time to grow up.
Especially you two, 'cause we are getting fucking old, boys.
We're getting old, and we're getting out of shape and we're getting shitty looking.
We're getting shitty looking and you're not getting any younger, but what are you doing?
You're breaking the law like you're fucking    years old.
Nothing's changing.
And who's benefiting from it?
Well, I almost benefited today.
I was almost fucking retired, when you think about it.
You shut up too, Ricky, because you're not retired.
That's the fucking point I'm trying to make.
You're not retired, and you shouldn't have been fucking... lying to us about growing dope.
That is bullshit.
That was bullshit, man.
I know, I'm sorry, it was dumb.
I should have told you guys.
You should have fucking told us!
This is a fucking wake-up call right now, boys.
I'm telling you, because I'm already gone legit.
I've got legit things going on.
And you guys, I know how you fucking operate.
You've got no money now.
You're broke, and I know what that turns into.
The next thing you know, you're gonna be in jail forever.
You're gonna wind up in there for the rest of your lives. fucking in there, all alone, dying, looking shitty.
And when you're in there taking your last fucking breaths, Ricky, sucking in your last breath on earth, there's gonna be no family there and no Bubbles to hold your hand.
Come on, Bubs.
Don't fucking "come on" me.
It's true.
Like, if you guys fucking loved me as much as you say you do, then breaking the law is over for good.
That's it.
That's all I've got to say.
I want you guys to fucking think about that tonight.
Here, Ricky, you can finish that off.
Consider it thinkin' liquor.
Do you got any ice or mixers?
Thanks, buddy.
Well, I hope you get banged, Julian. fuck off! fuck off!
Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Hey, fellas.
How you doing today?
You're up early.
Holy fuck!
Hey, Randy, are you in there?
I got your beer out here, bud.
[Randy] Just leave it on the deck, Bubbles.
Well, I can't do that, Randy.
Your fucking steps are gone.
[Randy] What?
Your steps.
Something was eating your goddamn steps, bud.
What the frig?
Looks like there's blood all over them, too. Look at that.
Mr. Lahey, get out here and check this out.
That is blood.
[Bubbles] Why the fuck did I just taste that?
Think it's raccoon?
It's not raccoon, Randy.
It's Rick-coon.
Be careful, Ricky.
I don't want you to hurt yourself.
Look, if it can't be fixed, it just can't be fixed.
No, no, I'll fix the cocksucker.
Don't worry.
[Marguerite] Hey, Alvena!
Lord lifted Jesus!
You didn't hire this fucking moron?
He totally trashed my goddamn bathroom putting up a fucking towel rack!
Wasn't my fucking fault. I told you, you'll get a brand new bathroom.
Just waiting for some parts to come in.
Jesus Christ!
When? Next summer on the ice?
You dumb fuck! fuck you two guys, too!
Oh, my!
What a coincidence!
We're missing deck boards and Ricky here is redoing a fucking deck!
These aren't your boards here, cock welders.
Not even the same colour.
Yours are brown, these are white.
There's the proof right there, Mr. Lahey!
That's our deck colour.
These are our boards.
I'm taking them back.
You got no fucking proof.
Get the fuck off...
[Alvena] I don't want any trouble.
Don't worry, Alvena.
I'll have these two Hungarian ass munchers out of here in    seconds!
Frig off, Ricky! fuck me...
Beat him... Rand. Take him, Randy!
You want to fight?
The pants are coming off.
Hold on a second.
Right now!
You take your fucking pants off.
I told you to stop fucking calling me.
I'm at work right now. I've gotta go.
[Mr. Lahey] Randy! For fuck's sakes!
I don't give a fuck if you miss me, I miss you too.
You're the one who said it's done, why are you even calling me?
Get him, Randy.
Frig off, Ricky!
No, Susan.
That's not gonna fucking work, is it?
Because it's never just fucking dinner, is it? Never!
Ah, fuck!
Jesus Christ!
All right! Enough!
Not you, codfish balls.
I'm talking to her.
Susan, look,
I'll make fucking...
I'll make dinner, and we can talk, but that's fucking it.
No banging. You've got to promise me that.
We can't.
Susan, I don't even know what the fuck that dish is.
But sure, yeah, I'll make it. I can make... fucking make anything.
I'm a good cook.
Come to my place at  :  .
I got to go deal with something right now.
Come at  :  . I've got to go. See you.
Okay. Ricky!
Things have been pretty fucking peaceful around here.
You keep rocking the shit boat and I'll be more than happy to fucking broadside you with a shit torpedo. fuck off with the shit talk before I knock you out and shit on your legs. How about that?
You're a dirty fighter, Ricky.
I fucking learned those moves from you, you fucking dirty, hairy, grease beast.
So get the fuck out of here!
Come on, Mr...
[Alvena] Ricky, don't worry about it.
Look, they can come in and out of my back door like they always did.
Well, I guess that's your business, not mine, but...
No, no, you hired me to fix the fucking thing...
I'm gonna fix the fucking thing.
Just a couple nails in here.
Ah, Satan's hard cock right down my fucking throat!
Are you fucking kidding me?
Oh, fuck!
This is a fucking piece of shit.
[Donnie] Jesus fucking Christ!
Are you fucking kidding me?
Getting a job is the best thing
I've done for myself in a long time.
Now I've got medical, I work alone, plus I get a   % discount at the food court.
[chuckle] You know, it's funny.
When I was a kid, we used to come here all the time and steal from the gumball machines and... look at me now.
I've come a long way.
Okay, who's ready to do some shoplifting for me?
Great enthusiasm, guys.
Look, just steal what's on the fucking list and you guys can take something for yourself.
This deal fucking sucks moose cock.
Hey, you watch your fucking language.
We're risking going to jail, all we get to keep is something... worth, like, fucking    bucks.
What risk? Huh?
Did you guys forget that I caught you stealing in the first place?
I can call your parents or the cops if
I want to, huh? Is that what you prefer?
Okay. Here's what I'm gonna do.
You guys can now take an item for bucks for yourselves. Is that better?
You can't even get a video game for    bucks.
Can I steal something for    bucks if fucking Finn wants something for   ?
Jesus Christ, what is this?
Let's Make a fucking Deal or something? Huh?
And we wanna steal bigger things, too.
Look, I got adults taking care of the bigger things for me.
Thank you very much.
This sucks!
Look guys, you continue working hard the way you are, maybe hit the gym, gain some weight, some muscles, then you can work yourself up the ladder.
But until then, get what's on my goddamn fucking list or you're fired, okay?
All right!
Move it out!
Jesus Christ...
Oh my fuck, you was something hard with the kids.
You've got to be, man.
They've got to fucking learn.
You guys all set?
Let's roll, motherfuckers!
I don't know, man.
This seems pretty wack.
That's what I'm saying, man.
This seems pretty beneath us, dawg.
What do you mean, beneath you?
If it's not beneath me, it's not beneath you guys.
Or, you know, if you guys... are afraid?
Are you pussying out here?
Is that...
Afraid? We ain't afraid.
No, man. We ain't afraid, man.
Okay. No one's afraid.
Let's get this going, boys. Right on.
All right, cool.
Good luck. I got your backs.
Let's do this, man.
Okay, we need eggs, Ricky.
No, we... we don't need cream.
There's no cream in carbonara.
Mo likes coffee cream in his cereal.
He's addicted to that shit.
Well, we need parmigiano.
This is the other thing me and Susan don't have in fucking common.
She likes all this French, richie-type fucking foods.
I don't have anything to do with that.
It's not French, it's Italian.
It's cheese. The hard cheese.
Parmesan? This shit?
Yes. Put that in.
All right.
Ricky, this whole thing with Susan...
Like, I'll help you make this dinner, but I don't want you getting back together with her.
I'm not.
I think it's a bad fucking idea.
I still have feelings for her.
I shouldn't because all we do is fucking fight.
But the banging...
This stuff's so fucking good.
Oh, God.
[muffled] I love...
I love chip dip, man.
I love it.
You want some?
It's just so fucking expensive!
So you're just... yeah...
You just put her back.
Next person who buys it, two big finger holes in it. No big deal.
Oh, yeah!
We need bacon.
Wakey-wakey time.
Ricky! Ricky!
Have a little shot, Bubs.
Oh, yeah, baby!
Put it back! I'm not doing whippets in the fucking grocery store.
Jesus Murphy.
Okay, we need bacon, Ricky, and eggs.
Where's the eggs?
Yes... Ricky!
Oh, fuck. Sorry, man.
You know what?
It's a force of habit. I forgot.
I forget sometimes, right?
[Ricky] Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, shh!
[Bubbles whispering] What? What?
There's a fucking robbery going on.
I can't let this happen. This is wrong.
What? Ricky, just let it happen.
Fuckin' assholes...
[Bubbles] Ricky, don't get your... Ricky!
Oh my fuck...
Put the fucking gun down right now!
Put the fucking...
[Julian] What the fuck are you doing?
Put the gun away.
[Ricky] They're trying to rob the place!
I know it's a rob.
They're working for me, you dumb-ass!
[Ricky whispering] What?
[Julian whispering] Yeah...
I was gonna split the money with you.
Get the fuck out of here!
[shouting] All right!
You wanna steal from this store, you've gotta shoot me first.
So do it or get the fuck out of here!
Do it! Now!
This is fuckin' bullshit!
Get out of here!
Hi, everyone.
I'm Julian, head of security.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Everything's under control now.
You can go back to shopping.
You're safe now.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
[Julian] Thank you.
Julian? What the fuck just happened?
I don't know. I guess he, uh... just didn't want a big shoot-out or something. Something like that.
You can ask him.
I don't know.
You're a fucking hero, Ricky.
You just stopped a robbery!
You stopped a robbery.
That's what I do.
Holy fuck.
I bet you're gonna be in the paper.
Hey, Ricky.
[Ricky] Yo!
You've just got to keep this simmering.
The sauce is... oh, fucking perfect!
Just keep it simmering, don't let it burn.
And then just boil up some noodles when you're ready and you're all set, bud.
[Ricky] Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, where are you going?
You can't fucking leave yet.
I gotta go make beer deliveries, Ricky.
Bubbles, I don't how to cook the long fucking noodles!
You cook them the same way you cook the short ones!
You boil fucking water and throw them in!
For fuck's sakes!
Ricky... oh, my God.
I know what you're doing in there.
What? I'm just...
I'm brushing my teeth.
Well, you missed a fucking few spots if you're brushing your teeth.
They're all jammed full of chicken chips and I can hear the friction.
I was washing my... hands.
Yeah, washing them on your wiener.
Okay. You know what?
I can't be around Susan with a fucking loaded weapon.
I need to have zero horniness, Bubs.
I don't trust my cock!
Don't you fucking leave me here!
Ricky, I'm not standing out here cooking a meal for your crazy fucking girlfriend while you're in there waxing your dolphin.
I'm sorry.
You're on your own, bud.
Are you fucking...
Don't you fuckin' leave!
[Bubbles] Ricky!
I'm a little bit worried about Ricky and just the sheer amount of masturbating he's doing.
I mean, that's a lot of crankin' for one fella and I don't know the science behind the replenishment.
I mean, I don't know if he's depleting his bone marrow or...
You know, where's it all come from, really?
I don't know how people do this job for a living, I mean, you're dealing with kids in the food court getting in fights, you're dealing with bums drinking Lysol in the bathrooms, you got people fighting over clearance items.
It's fucked.
But I've got these little deals on the side that are kinda making up for...
[Mr. Lahey] You take American?
What the fuck?
[Mr. Lahey] Pay the man, Randers.
Where'd you get that money?
Uh, we, uh... we won it last night.
Long shot at the track.
Well, that counts as income, so it's mine.
Frig off, Julian!
You said half our wages.
I'm taking half this as wages.
I'm taking the other half for not telling me about it.
Look, you pull this shit on me again,
I'm gonna fucking take you down.
You got it?
You got it?
Uh, we'll come back for this stuff later.
Holy fuck.
Can I help you guys?
What's all that stuff?
Uh... we're the delivery boys.
Delivery boys?
[Trinity] Hey, Bubs!
Hey, guys, what's going on?
Hey Jacob, how was physio?
Pretty good.
Can't complain.
He can do all his exercises now.
I'm so proud.
He's still in a lot of pain but the doctors say he's on the mend.
And we've just gotta keep him away from that fucking Ricky.
Yeah, well you look good, Jacob.
Thanks, Bubs.
Keep your chin up, bud.
Well, I guess you don't have a choice, do you?
Yeah, careful there.
Come on, dude.
[Bubbles] Take it easy.
Ow! fuck!
Ah, shit! I'm so sorry, dude.
I keep forgetting you got that thing on.
Cory, how in the flying fuck can you forget he has it on?
He looks like he has a fucking oil derrick screwed into his shoulders.
What's an oil derrick, dude?
[Ricky] Hey!
How good's this couch gonna feel?
No, no, no, no, don't sit down.
[Trinity] Dad, let him go!
Dad, let him go! You're hurting him.
[Trinity] My God...
Hang out in the bedroom or in the car for an hour. Susan's coming over.
Are you kidding me?
He needs to rest, Dad.
He can rest out in the car.
It's really comfy. That cool, bud?
Sorry. I keep forgetting about that...
Oh, man.
You're unbelievable.
She just wants to talk in private.
We're not getting back together.
I promise.
[Trinity] Yeah, heard that one before.
We're really thankful that Dad lets us stay here, but it's a bit of a pain when Susan comes over.
All they do is fight and then have sex.
And it's...
She's loud. She's really, really loud.
Sometimes it lasts all night long.
Right until the next morning.
Your dad's a champ, babe.
Geez, careful. fuck, why does nobody not believe me?
Because every time she wants your dick, you give it to her.
[Ricky] I'm not giving it to her today,
'cause I'm not fucking horny.
Ricky, you're always horny.
That is true, but I de-hornied myself four or five times, so we're good here.
Gross. I don't know what you see in that uppity Bedford bitch.
I know what you see in her, dude.
She's pretty hot, man.
I'd give her whatever she wants. Well,
I wouldn't give her whatever she wants, some things are off limits but...
Can I hang out a bit?
Cory, get the fuck out.
Go to the park and chase some fucking tennis balls or something. fucking Jesus.
Donnie! I got your free case here, bud!
It's right there.
I'm sorry I'm a little bit late, but...
Better late than never I guess...
[screaming] fuck you!
It's not better late than never, you stupid cocksucker!
Okay, Donnie...
I should be fucking wasted by now!
Donnie, take a deep breath.
I'll give you half price on a case for the inconven...
Ah, fuck off!
Okay. Just fucking relax, would you?
Where the fuck did you get that?
That's my hammer.
I loaned that to Ricky.
Oh, Ricky was using that fucking thing, was he?
Ho-ly fuck!
That cocksucker!
Donnie, tuck your balls in if you're going to be walking around the park.
Smash my fucking window...
Jesus, he's angry.
[Donnie] ...fuckin'... fuck!
[Susan] Wow, this looks amazing.
Thank you. I made everything from scratch. Hmm.
Oh, my fucking God.
Is something fucked up?
This is fucking amazing.
Oh, good.
It's actually making me... a little bit wet.
Oh, really?
How wet is it making you?
I'm goddamn soaking.
Ah! You know what?
I can't do this. I knew this was gonna fucking happen.
We can't go there. You have to go.
I'll pack this up for you.
The fuck are you doing?!
I can't do this!
You're making the little guy wanna come out and play.
He's already been out to fucking play seven, eight times.
Don't know why he wants to come out, but he does, 'cause of you.
I can't go there. You gotta go.
Take it with you!
No. Listen. No, I don't wanna go!
Ricky, listen to me, baby.
I came here today to apologize to you.
Yeah? For what?
I know it wasn't you who gave me chlamydia.
It was my fucking common-law fuck-face ex.
I fucking knew it.
I told you it wasn't me!
Yeah, but I'm done with that guy for good now.
Good. Good for you.
That's amazing.
I was hoping that maybe... you would wanna go back to our previous arrangements.
Um, well...
I mean, I guess...
I guess we could do that, but if we're gonna go there, Susan, like, I need more than just banging, okay?
Like, I need... I need to do some real coupley-type stuff.
What, like, in public?
Yeah! Like, I think I would like to maybe go to the movies some time or maybe go to a beach or get ice cream, go to a restaurant, like...
See, look at you.
Every fucking time!
Why do I feel like the chick in this relationship?
I actually need those things!
Well, Ricky, this was never about us getting serious because I live with someone else.
You got fucking shot the other day.
And while I find that hot as fuck,
I can't be associated with someone with such a crazy lifestyle.
I have... I have a real job, Rick!
I have real responsibilities.
I've got a real job too now.
And I have real responsibilities.
So, you know, maybe we have some shit in common you didn't know.
Maybe it'll work!
Ah, fuck it! Who cares? Whatever.
No, okay. Hang on.
If you fucking promise me to keep it low-key... we can try actually dating.
I can definitely promise that.
I promise, like... no more craziness.
[softly] Okay.
[Marguerite] Ricky?
Ricky? Are you in there?
I'm coming in for a shit, Ricky.
[Ricky] Seriously, right now?
I'm kind of in the middle of something here, Marguerite.
Oh! Well, pardon the interruption, folks, but somebody has to take a shit and a shower in somebody else's house because somebody else didn't fix my goddamn bathroom!
And it is a pain in the cock-sucking, fucking dick!
I'm working on it.
See, this is exactly what I'm talking about!
I'm just fixing her bathroom.
It's nice to be good to the seniors, right?
Susan, look. I promise you...
Get the fuck out of my trailer right now!
Get the fuck out! You too, go!
Everything's gonna be fucking normal...
[Donnie] Jesus fuckin' Christ!
For fuck's sakes, you cocksucker, is this your fucking hammer? fuck you, Ricky!
I'll fuckin' kill you!
You fuckin' cocksucker!
I will fucking kill you, Ricky!
Get the fuck out of my trailer!
Fucker! fuck you! goddamn it!
And I'm taking these motherfucking chicken fingers...
Are you out of your fucking mind?!
[Donnie] Fu-u-uck!
This is exactly what
I'm fucking talking about!
What the fuck happened?
Oh, my fuck!
[Sarah] Oh, shit!
Ricky, are you okay?
Ricky, what the fuck happened?
Donnie fucking stabbed me!
Oh, my fuck. Here, I'm gonna pull it out.
Don't touch my fuckin' boyfriend, whore!
He's got a fucking screwdriver in his shoulder, you bitch!
Un-huh? Well, he's my boyfriend.
Well, I'll take care of it.
Don't you mean fuck buddy?
Uh, no, actually. Ricky and I decided to take things to the next level.
So, uh, you're gonna be moving the fuck out 'cause I'm moving in.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What?
Well, am I your girlfriend or not? technically, yes, you are.
[sighing] Ricky, for fuck's sakes!
You are a fucking psychotic bitch.
Good luck, Ricky.
I don't know what you're waiting for.
Giddy-up, you wretched cunt.
[Bubbles] Oh...
What the fuck did you just call me?
I called you a cunt... cunt.
[Bubbles whispering] Language!
You know what?
We don't say that word in this park.
Holy fuck, Sarah!
You know what?
I've fucking had it with her!
No! Sarah, calm down!
Let's fucking go, you fucking bitch! fuck you.
Oh, fuck you!
[Bubbles] Ricky! Ricky, oh my fuck!
[Ricky] Holy fuck! Jesus Christ!
[Bubbles] Ricky!
I'll fucking kill her!
Get out of the fucking way, Rick! fuck off... ah!
Okay... girls!
[Bubbles] Oh-h-h! Devastating!
[Ricky] Bubbles, get her the fuck out of here!
That's how we do it in Sunnyvale, you... fucking cunt!
Okay, Sarah, calm down! Oh, my fuck!
You okay?
[softly] Yeah.
Guess maybe I should go to the fucking hospital.
Oh, no.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Get in the bedroom.
This is so fucking hot.
What are you talking about?
You're stabbed.
I just got in a girl fight. Come on!
It's gonna have to be from behind.
I can't fucking lay down like this.
[Susan] Yeah, yeah, that's perfect.
[Ricky] Jesus Christ.
[Ricky loudly] Ah, fuck!
[Susan] Get out of those tearaways.
[Ricky] Hold the fuck on here!
[Susan] Oh, baby. That's a lot of blood!
[Ricky] Ow, fuck!
Well... not the most relaxing place to have a crap.
[Susan] Yeah! No, lower!
[Randy] I really think we need to reconsider my suggestion from before and hire an assistant-assistant trailer park supervisor.
That way he could handle all this bullshit, Mr. Lahey.
We... we can't... we can't afford it, Randy!
Julian's probably gonna be in control of us for the rest of our fucking lives.
Randy... You're still young, Rand.
Why don't you just take the rest of our money and toddle off to San Cra-fisto?
Or some place like that.
I'm not leaving you, Mr. Lahey.
Look, there's gotta be some way.
I tell you, I'd really like to hire an assistant for you, Randy.
Just the kind you want.
I really, really, really, really would, Randy.
But we can't afford it unless we take some of the money and put it back into the money that we lost!
You're talking about gambling again,
Mr. Lahey.
No... No, just hear...
Rand, just hear me out.
There's no way I'm letting you gamble any more of this money on anything, Mr. Lahey.
That's exactly what I'm saying, Randy.
You should!
You were incredible at the track the other day, Randy.
I have never seen anyone be able to pick horses the way you do.
You can be    % in charge, Randy.
You can do all the picking.
I got complete faith in you, bud.
I was pretty lucky.
You've got a gift, Randy.
And besides... the more time we spend at the track, the less time we have to spend here in the park near Julian.
Yeah. That's true.
You're damn rights, it's true.
Let's do it.
But I'm in control.
I'm putting us on an allowance. bucks each per day.
Does that include liquor?
Okay. I'll drink to that!
Stretch it out, Mr. Lahey.
You just did a little...
Randy, you just went like this. Randy?
That's powerful.
I know, but you went like this, you went like this.
"Ooh." Do that again.
You do that...
Do that again, do that again. Ooh...
I love you, Randy.
Mr. Lahey!
We're going to the track!
Let's go to the track!
Come in.
[Sarah] Hey.
Hey, what's wrong?
I fucking hate that stupid bitch Susan so fucking much.
Ricky's so stupid.
He's never gonna break up with her.
I know. I know. I heard he was seeing her tonight.
I just stay the fuck away.
That's what I do.
She still over there?
Ha! What do you think?
[Ricky and Susan moaning and screaming]
That's fucking greasy.
Ugh! Yeah.
And because of that,
I don't have a place to stay tonight.
Wow, that sucks.
I was getting ready to go to bed.
I got to work in the morning.
Julian... Can I just stay over, please, for tonight?
Sarah, I'd let you, but I'm a working man, now. I've gotta get up early.
What's all this shit?
I'm decorating the place.
You've got a bunch of cool new stuff.
Yeah, it's cool but it's overwhelming.
I don't know where to put it all.
Okay. How about this?
You let me stay over just for one night and I'll help you redecorate your whole place.
One night?
I can make it look fucking amazing.
All right.
Do you want a drink?
Yeah, you're fucking right
I want a drink!
Okay, let's get drunk.
This shit is sweet.
All right, you guys gotta go.
[fish] fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ!
[whispering] fuck.
[voice whispering] fuck off.
Just gonna get this picnic basket loaded on!
Last item going on!
Gonna spend the day by myself, just me and my kitties!
Hmm, yeah!
Just me by myself!
Nothing important happened on this day in history, that's for sure.
Don't need anybody.
I can have fun, just me and you guys.
We're gonna have a good day, aren't we, Burton Cummings?
You be good, Conway Kitty.
Yeah, okay!
The fun train is pulling out of the station!
Last chance to climb aboard!
[man] Would you shut the fuck up?
I'm trying to sleep!
Yeah, okay. That's it, then.
I'm leaving!
Here I go!
Leaving this area where we all live together, as best friends... to be by myself.
Nothing special about today, that's for sure.
[man] Shut the fuck up!
Glen, get the fuck over here.
See this right here?
See this caulking?
It's decaying.
At any time this window could pop out and kill somebody.
What's that got to do with me, though?
[scoffing] What... what if a family were to come in here, okay?
Walk by here with their kids, and all of a sudden, boom!
The window pops out and kills everybody, huh?
Good to go, bud, good to go.
Huh? How would you feel about...
I can't fucking believe you, man.
[Glen] I care if a family gets killed but... how is that my problem?
How is that your problem?
I just work here.
[Ricky on walkie] ...landed in the garden
Get the fuck over here. Come see this.
Today is Bubbles' birthday, so Ricky and I are trying to plan something really cool for him.
I mean, the past few years, we've been in jail and last year we totally fucking forgot about it, which was a nightmare.
So today we have this surprise party planned for him.
You know, Trin and Sarah, they've been gearing things up all morning.
Now I just have to get him his gift.
And this gift I'm giving him, it's gonna blow his fucking mind.
I can't wait till he gets it.
All right, kids.
You guys ready to borrow this rocket for Bubbles' birthday?
[kids] Yeah!
[child] Careful! Oh my God. Be careful.
I mean, look at this shit. This is way worse than the last fucking window.
I cannot believe nobody's been fucking killed yet in here.
This isn't even my store, though.
I'm just confused now.
Confused about what?
I don't know. I just don't see where you're coming from, dude.
Do you know why?
Because you're fucking dumb, Glen.
That's why.
Shouldn't you be talking to Bobby anyways? This is just fucked.
Hey, hey, hey! You do not walk away from a security officer.
Right here!
Get back here!
Hey, Julian.
Gary, hey, buddy...
You weren't supposed to be back until next week.
Yeah, I know.
The guy giving the course, he had... he had a heart attack, the lucky bastard.
So they... they cut it short.
What's going on here?
The pigeons have the cucumber.
I repeat, the pigeons have the cucumber.
We're making our way out of the store.
Who was that? Was that Ricky?
Yeah, he... he just bought a walkie.
He figured out the frequencies and he's just been fucking around with me, but I'm on it.
Ricky, Gary, my boss, he's back unexpectedly here.
[Ricky] Back, back.
How am I supposed to do a good job when you keep coming in and driving me crazy?
You know how serious I am about this job, Ricky. Come on.
Can you please stop fucking around, embarrassing me?
So you want the pigeons to put the cucumber back on the shelf?
Or what the fuck do you want here?
I don't know what you're talking about, pigeons and cucumbers, but yeah, okay, I'll play along with you.
Put it back and fly the pigeons the fuck out of here, okay? Okay!
Back on the shelf, put it back on the shelf.
Now what the fuck are we supposed to do, Julian, huh? fuck's sakes! All right.
You know what?
You tell Gary he can polish the shaft and the tip of my cock with his fucking tongue.
Ricky, you stay off of our frequencies!
They're restricted.
And you better not be in this mall, Ricky, because you're banned and you know it!
[Ricky] Hey, Gary, turn the fuck around.
[Gary] Out! Or I'm calling the cops!
Take it, Gary, right down to the base.
You take... You know you want it!
It won't happen again, I promise.
I know, okay. I'm just...
I've got to make my rounds.
Okay? I'll talk to you in a bit.
I don't care if it is your money, bud.
We're not hiring him.
He was the dumbest cop on the force.
And not only that, he's dirty.
You know, I might have been a drunk but I was never dirty.
But he's the only one that responded to the ad, Mr. Lahey.
I think we should give him a chance.
No way!
He's a goddamn loser, Randy!
Look, guys...
I'm desperate here, I've got nothing.
I've been living in Ray's old place down at the dump.
Yeah, well, you can rot down there as far as I'm fucking concerned, George.
Mr. Lahey, have some compassion.
When has this piece of shit ever shown me any compassion, Randy?
He's the guy who got me kicked off the fucking force.
[sighing] Please, Jim.
I could really use the money.
Yeah, well, couldn't we all?
Look, the ad said "experienced".
You're not fucking experienced, George!
I was a cop.
I think I can handle it.
Yeah. You were a goddamn shitty cop, George, and you couldn't handle it and that's why you're standing right here.
It's fate, George.
It's the karmic wheel of shit, flinging shit balls all over.
You know, it's like the fucking... all of those little fucking shit magnets in your head, George, are fucking around because they're caught in the shit wheel and fucking flinging those little shit axioms in your dendrites and they're fucked over.
That's all it is.
Mr. Lahey.
If you do this for me,
I'll do that special thing you like.
Okay, well then...
Okay, George,
I'll tell you what, bucks a week and you can live in the shed out back.
I'll take it.
Uh, Randy, uh... grab the pepper grinder and, uh... and some dish soap, uh...
See you, George.
There, see.
This isn't so bad.
We're gonna have a great day at the park, just like I promised.
Look at all the people here, having fun with their friends.
That's what I'm doing too.
Having fun with my friends.
You guys have a snack.
Oh, look. Look at this.
I brought your favourite catnips, all four of them.
I got the bubble maker here.
You guys can play with this.
Yeah, this is pretty good.
I don't need anybody but you guys.
And we're gonna have the perfect day.
Let's get at it.
Oh, for fuck's sakes, guys!
Who pissed on the sandwiches? fuck's sakes, the whole basket!
This is everything we had on us and everything Sarah had on her.
This is like    bucks between yous.
Well, Sarah had    of it, Jacob had  .
I had nothing, dude, but I helped.
All right, here you go.
Sorry, Julian. You don't have enough.
I'm aware of that, Glen.
It's   bucks, that's every cent I have.
I'm sorry but, if my cash comes up short, it comes out of my pocket.
It's, like,   fucking dollars.
I'll get you back.
So you want me to loan you   bucks?
When do you get paid?
In a couple of weeks.
[laughing] Oh, my fuck.
Okay, I'll go get a fucking advance for   dollars!
I'll tell you what.
I'll loan you   bucks, but you have to pay me    by the end of the day.
And if not,    tomorrow.
You greasy motherfucker. bucks interest a day?
Okay, fine, ring it in.
And I want your drink.
You want my fucking drink, do you?
Do you want the rocket?
Get the fuck over here!
Open up your goddamn yap!
Here, here's your fucking drink!
All right, you guys head back and get that set up, okay?
Get someone else to read the instructions though because you're too stupid to put this together.
Cool. We've got this. We should take these too. They're dope.
Put those fucking things back!
Boys, if you fuck this up,
I'm gonna strap you to the goddamn thing and launch it.
You got it?
[Cory] Yeah, dude. I got it.
Now get out.
Both of us won't fit on it anyway.
Just set the fucking thing up.
Don't forget your receipt.
Oh, go fuck yourself, Glen!
Thanks for shopping at Bobby's Hobbies! fuck off.
Hey, Gare, how's it going, buddy?
Look man, something's come up.
I need an advance on my paycheck, so... how do we make that happen?
An advance on your paycheck!
That's really funny.
Like, that's Carrot Top funny, because, actually, you know, we don't make that happen at all.
But here's what we can make happen.
How about you getting arrested, Julian?
How does that sound?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Well, what would you say if I told you that we have you on tape, stealing?
Multiple counts.
I'd say you're full of shit, considering someone broke in, stole all the fucking surveillance tapes for the past two weeks.
That's true. But what that person, that someone didn't know, is that we have a backup system.
Oh, my fuck...
So what now?
I don't know, honestly, Julian, because I frankly don't fucking care. fuck the mall! fuck security! fuck the ashram!
And, while we're at it, Julian... fuck you!
So this is how we can handle this.
I can call the cops and bring them in here to take care of things, or you can come to me by the end of the day, with  ,    bucks, cash.
Your choice.
[woman on walkie] Gary, someone shit on the floor in the food court.
[Gary] Mmm.
Yup, fun train's back!
The fun train is back!
Had the fucking best time ever!
Best time ever, yeah, okay.
Nobody gives a fuck, eh?
Okay, well, guess what?
I don't give a fuck anymore either.
You know what, guys?
We don't need this bullshit.
Let's get packed up.
We don't fucking need anything.
Move this whole operation down to the ocean.
All I need is you guys.
Take some fucking clothes... some clothes and maybe... one kitty toy... and...
Red Sovine tape, kitty book...
And my Wayne Gretzky card signed by Dave Semenko.
That's all I fucking need!
[Tyrone] Yo, Bubs!
Yo, happy birthday, motherfucker!
Hey, T!
What's going on?
What's that?
Holy fuck!
Oh my fuck, that is decent!
I can't believe you remembered my birthday.
Nah, I didn't remember shit, man,
I've been getting stoned as fuck lately, man.
But that's from Ricky and Julian.
What? What are you talking about?
Look, all I know is
I'm supposed to drive you.
So come on wit' yo candy.
And put this over your lookballs.
This is to cover your lookballs up.
What? That's my... that's my kitty sleep mask.
Yeah, man.
Like that?
Make sure you can't see behind there.
Surprise, surprise.
[Tyrone] Let's roll.
Oh, boys! Gettin' excited!
You ready Bubbles, man?
Oh, I'm ready!
I'm ready! Are we there?
Man, you're gonna like this, man.
We almost there?
We're almost here, my man.
[Bubbles laughing] Oh, I'm excited!
Be excited. Let's go.
Oh, I am excited!
Jump out, dawg!
It's so weird not being able to see anything.
I can't see anything.
Ooh! Oh, somebody's got me!
Who else is here?
Who else is here?
Somebody's got a hold of me.
Uh, I don't know who it is.
Who's that?
Okay, just wait now.
[Tyrone] Y'all ready man, or what?
I'm ready! I'm ready!
[crowd] Happy birthday, Bubbles!
Holy fuck!
Oh, my God!
I've never had a surprise party before!
I thought everybody forgot what today was!
No, man. What are you, joking?
We never forget this shit!
I mean, we did forget last year but just because of a lot of fucking crazy drugs.
Nobody's ever gonna forget it again, Bubbles.
Oh, decent!
Happy birthday!
[Ricky] Yeah!
Thank you.
You look adorable.
Thank you, Sarah. Thank you.
Everybody's here!
Everybody's here.
Where's Julian though?
Well, that's the problem.
We're not sure.
He was supposed to be here long ago.
I hope to fuck he's not dead.
Dead? What?
What are you...
What was he doing?
That's the thing.
He wasn't doing anything.
It's just weird that he's not here by now. And he's late, because...
He organized this whole fucking thing for you.
He could've got killed, Bubs.
Yeah, but, Ricky, why does your brain even go there? What...
I'm sure he's just running late, okay?
Should we wait for him or...?
Well, yeah, we should wait for him.
No, fuck it.
What do you mean?
Check this the fuck out!
Holy fuck!
Holy fuck! LOC Patriot!
Eight foot four inches!
[crowd chanting] Bubbles! Bubbles!
Holy fuck! And motor!
,    feet at apogee!
You okay, buddy?
You're not gonna have one of these strokey things, are you?
No, Ricky.
That's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen!
Is this mine?
[Ricky] It's yours, buddy.
[Mr. Lahey] Randy, you've gotta bet big if you wanna win big.
When are you gonna...
All right, Lahey! Money, now!
Half the month's wages, that's the deal, and I'm taking an advance on next month's wages too!
Julian, you can't just come barging in here!
Oh, yes, I can, Randy.
As long as you two fuckheads owe me money,
I'm gonna do whatever the fuck I want!
Julian, just calm down, buddy.
Let's talk about this.
Oh, let's talk... What do you mean let's talk about it? Huh?
One thousand dollars!
I'm not leaving without it!
Julian, this isn't the right way to go about...
Get your fucking hands off me!
[George] Hey!
Step the fuck away from Randy, Julian, now.
What the fuck are you doing?
I'm working for them now.
And I'm giving you exactly three seconds to walk the fuck out of here.
Oh, what are you gonna do?
Shoot me?
You wanna try me, Julian? Do you?
'Cause I've got absolutely nothing to fucking lose here!
Absolutely fucking nothing!
So go ahead, Julian!
Make my fucking day better. fuck off.
It's "make my day," not "make my day better," fuckhead.
This isn't over,
I want my fucking money!
Get the fuck out of here.
That was really, really fucking impressive, George.
I should've fucking shot him.
We don't want anyone to get shot here.
Holy frig, you gotta calm down, George.
Yeah. And you need to go on a diet, Randy, but it doesn't seem like that's gonna happen, does it?
Looks like my job description just got a little broader, wouldn't you say, Jim?
What do you mean, George?
He said he's coming back.
I'm gonna have to deal with it.
Yeah, well, Randy...
[George screaming] I'm... going... to deal with it.
What do you want, George?
Hah, it's     a week, like the ad said.
And I want a real fucking bed to sleep on out there.
And that's what happens when you hire a shit weasel, Randy.
We've got an air mattress.
Oh, fuck...
Yo, Julian!
What's up, your boy!
Yes, Julian!
Happy birthday, buddy.
Sorry I'm late, man.
But what do you think of that fucking thing?
[Bubbles] Ho-ly fuck!
Yeah? Did we do good or what, man?
You did fucking amazing!
Thank you, Julian!
Yeah, well, okay.
Enough with the mushy kiss-kiss.
Come on, let's get this fucking sucker launched already!
Let's launch her!
Okay, boys, okay.
She's f... Ricky!
Ricky, what are you doing?
Just making sure it works, the button does push.
You don't push the fucking l...
And, guys, back the fuck off!
This is not a toy!
That was unsafe, what we just did.
Okay, everybody, listen.
Okay? I know you're all tired, you've waited a long time but I...
I want to dedicate this launch.
I'm gonna dedicate it to each and every one of you guys, the residents of the Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
You're all my friends and you're all my family, every one of yous.
Okay, so, are you ready to get this fucking thing in the air or what?
[Ricky] Let's do it!
Okay, let's... just show you what you do here.
See this?
That's a key.
This goes in here.
Okay. You hear that?
That means she is lit, ready to go!
Here we go!
I want a big Sunnyvale countdown.
In  ...
[crowd joins in]  ,  ,  ,  ...
[man] What the fuck?
[Bubbles] For fuck's sakes!
[Ricky] What the fuck?
Hang on. Just wait.
Well, just give me a minute now.
Bubbles, I know it would be splendid but, listen, we'll watch it at another time.
You're leaving?
Oh, just... Look, it'll take me...
I can put a new igniter in it.
Bubs, I'm sorry, we have to leave too.
Mo's getting really tired.
High five?
Look, Trin, it'll take me...
Boys, you guys are staying?
Man, we got pitchers waiting at the T-box.
Sorry, man, we out.
Yeah, we out.
For fuck's sake, look.
[Sarah] Yeah, happy birthday.
I can put a new igniter in it. fuck, buddy. You really fucked this up, didn't you?
What happened?
I don't know, Ricky.
It should be... it should be going.
Well, don't worry about it. It's not your fault you let everybody down.
When are you starting your job at Hallmark, Ricky?
Bubs, don't worry about it, okay?
Don't let this ruin your birthday.
We'll figure it out, man.
Ruin my birthday?
Yeah. We'll figure it out.
Are you joking? Julian...
It wouldn't matter if the rocket exploded on the launch pad and fucking lit my balls on fire.
You know, the fact that you guys remembered my birthday and you went through all of this trouble to make it a special day for me... fucking right we did.
That's way more important to me than any fucking rocket could ever be,
I just want you to know that.
I love you guys. Get in here.
Love you too, buddy.
I love you. There's nothing that could ruin this.
There's no...
Holy fuck!
She went!
Where is it, boys?
I lost it.
Where is it?
I don't know, maybe it blowed up, look at the fucking black smoke over there.
[Bubbles] Holy fuck!
No, that wouldn't be...
That wouldn't be from that rocket.
You'd never get that much smoke, would you?
We should get out of here just in case.
Let's get the fuck out of here. Let's go.
Okay, we've got to go find it, boys.
We're never gonna find that fucking thing!
We can find it! We can find it!
We're on a recovery mission!
Let's go!
I am fucking craving donairs and fucking... some poutine.
You guys hungry?
Ricky, we have to find my fucking rocket before someone else does.
Boys, I hope that didn't get too fucked up.
I think we should think about writing that thing off at this point, Bubs.
We're not writing it off!
It's probably not that fucked up and, I mean, that's my prized possession, boys.
What the fuck?
Oh, fuck, man! It's a roadblock!
I've got a joint!
Whip it around! fuck!
[Julian] How am I gonna whip this fucking thing around, huh?
[Bubbles] Well, slow down...
Ricky, throw it out the fucking window.
We're good, we're good.
I got this. Is that Ted?
Oh, this is a fucking joke.
[Bubbles] Ricky, just throw the fucking...
[Ricky] We're good, boys, we're good.
Whew, it smells like skunk in here.
[Ricky] It's probably your balls, Ted.
When was the last time you showered?
Where are you boys coming from, anyway?
We're actually just down at the fuck Off convention at the Legion there.
Wondering if you'd come down to master the ceremonies.
Yeah, yeah, very funny, Ricky.
It's Bubbles' birthday.
We were playing space.
Like, what's going on here?
Can we get through there or what?
No. Not right now.
There's been an attack.
It's possibly terrorists.
[Ricky] What?
[Bubbles] What? terrorists?
What do you mean?
Well, somebody shot down Steve Rogers' news helicopter with a missile.
What the fuck? What the fuck is wrong with people? Are you serious?
[Bubbles] A missile?
What kind of a missile?
[Ted] We're not sure yet but we've got three witnesses say they saw a missile coming from the east and it took out the chopper.
That's all we know for now.
[Bubbles] Oh, my fuck, boys.
Is Steve okay?
Well, the rescue crew is not on the crash site yet but from what we can see from above, it doesn't look good for survivors.
[Julian] fuck.
Oh, my God!
[Ricky] That's fucking terrible.
Poor Steve.
[Ted] Yeah, well, you guys cannot stay here, you can...
Well, you can stay here. I don't know how long it's gonna be, but otherwise you've got to turn around...
Left something in the oven, my iron's on.
So we're just gonna go back...
Yeah, okay, Ricky.
Well, you know, we know your record for burning down your house.
We know your record for being a fucking idiot!
[Bubbles whispering] Boys, boys...
We shot down Steve Rogers' helicopter!
[Ricky] It may not have been us.
Ricky, how many people do you think have fired fucking missiles off today?
It was us.
[Ricky] It would be a weird fucking coincidence, wouldn't it?
Bubs, you've got to stop hogging my driveway, man.
I'm... I get part of the fucking driveway too.
Do you think that's really the fucking important thing at hand right now?
What the fuck are these two shit smears up to?
[Cory] Yo, you guys hear about what happened?
No. What, did you start growing a fucking brain or something?
Yeah, you wish, dude. terror1st attack.
We're going after them.
It wasn't fucking terrorists, you stupider than dumb idiots.
It was fucking Bub...
Ricky, Rick, Rick! Yeah, we heard about it.
How did you guys hear about it?
It was all over the news.
Everyone's freaking out.
Oh, Jesus H. Christ!
[Trinity] Thank God, you're okay!
Did you hear about what happened?
Yeah. Is there any update on Steve Rogers? Was he killed?
I don't know.
That's what they're saying.
Oh, poor Steve!
I just wanna go.
Can we please leave?
Where are we gonna go?
We can't go anywhere!
Don't be a fucking wuss! We need to get out of the park, to take Mo and leave!
Okay... everybody just calm the fuck down.
[Trinity] No, we're leaving.
[Sarah] Guys!
I think you better come and watch this.
[reporter] Okay, we've got exclusive video for you now.
This is footage of the actual attack from Steve Rogers' news camera.
Just a warning: This is very graphic and not appropriate for all viewers.
Oh, my Jesus. Tell me we're not going to see him fucking die right here.
No one is sure exactly why the local squirrel population has dwindled but it's this reporter's belief that the answer could lie here deep in the heart of...
What the fuck is that?
Steve Rogers, reporting live.
Unconfirmed reports that we've been struck by a missile, and we are... we are crashing.
We are on fire.
We're going down.
We're losing altitude.
Steve "No Nonsense" Rogers, reporting on what could be his last story.
Tell my wife I'm sorry!
Oh, Jesus Murphy!
Oh, my God, we killed Steve Rogers!
How can you kill them?
That wasn't your fucking...
Wait! Listen, listen, listen!
Jacob, chips. Let's go.
A harrowing moment earlier today...
Oh, fuck, he's alive! Yes!
Matings of the Nova Scotia squirrel turned nearly fatal in the blink of an eye.
Steve "Nine Lives" Rogers...
Signing off.
Yes! Steve Rogers is alive and well, baby!
We got lucky, boys.
[whispering] Julian, we still shot the fucking thing down.
What if they catch us and they try to make us pay for that helicopter?
Ah, yeah.
Yeah, here we go.
We're fucking caught already!
The fuck is this all about?
You know what? fuck this!
I'm turning myself in.
You're not turning yourself in!
Just fucking relax, Bubs!
Boys, we're caught.
There's no fucking way out of this.
Yes, there is. There's a fucking way out of everything. Trust me.
No, I'm turning myself in.
Bubbles, fuck off.
You're not turning yourself in.
[Bubbles] I'm right here, officer!
[Ricky] Shut the fuck up!
I'm not gonna resist!
Shut the fuck up! I got this.
Hey, boys, how's it going?
The Shittiest Beard
Of All Times competition is right down there, two doors.
Nothing? What are you guys doing?
We're kind of tired.
Been in Moncton the last few days.
What do you need?
Hands behind your back, sir.
Up against the car, please.
What the fuck for?
You're under arrest for shoplifting and theft over a thousand dollars.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
I know the fucking drill, all right.
There's some kind of misunderstanding here. I didn't steal a goddamn thing.
We have all the tapes from Gary, the mall manager.
Might as well save it for the judge. Load him up.
I can't fucking believe you did this, Julian.
Bubs, I...
Bubs, I didn't do anything wrong.
Shoplifting at the fucking mall!
I should have fucking known.
I'll look after your drink for you, Julian. Good luck, bud!
Don't even worry about this, guys.
We're gonna find a fucking... better place to live, every one of us, we're gonna have the best time.
[Ricky] Hey, can you guys fuck off, seriously?
Show some goddamn respect.
Let the man have a little bit of peace and quiet. Jesus!
Hey Bubs, are you in there, buddy?
[Bubbles yelling] Jesus, Ricky!
[Ricky] Sorry, just seeing if you're home.
Wanna smoke a joint or something?
[Bubbles sighing] No.
[Ricky] What the fuck are you doing packing that up?
Going on a trip somewhere?
I'm thinking I might just... go live somewhere else, Ricky.
Whoa... what the fuck are you talking about?
Look, Ricky,
I love you and Julian.
You know that, but...
I just don't think I can be around you guys anymore.
I don't think I can.
Don't talk like that. That's crazy.
It's not crazy, though, Ricky.
It's not crazy.
Look, all I wanted was to just live, and not get fucking tangled up in illegal bullshit, and I asked you guys if we could do that, and you guys both looked me in the eye and you promised me we could, and what fucking happened?
Actually, I don't really remember.
What happened?
Julian's running a full-on crime syndicate down at the fucking mall.
That's what happened!
Well, I fucking didn't know anything about that.
Yeah, well, maybe you did and maybe you didn't, Ricky.
I don't even fucking know.
But I do know this:
Nothing's ever gonna fucking change.
Nothing's ever gonna change, Ricky.
I was so fucking happy today that you guys remembered my birthday.
I know, right?
You threw that party and you got me this awesome present.
And it turns out, it was all just a big, fucking Ricky and Julian lie.
It wasn't a fucking lie, it happened!
I was there.
It was a lie, Ricky, because people always say,
"It's the thought that counts."
Did you ever hear people say that?
Yes, right, exactly.
Yeah well, if somebody steals your fucking birthday present, Ricky, then how does that fucking count for...
But he didn't steal that.
Oh, yeah...
I don't even wanna hear it.
Bubs, listen.
I swear to fuck, okay?
Yes, Julian has been stealing a bit of stuff here and there but he told me he paid for the rocket.
He showed me the fucking receipt and he used his last bit of money to fucking do it.
I swear to fuck, that's true.
Well, I find that fucking hard to believe.
[sighing] Look, Bubs...
Yes, me and Julian, we do fuck up a lot.
And it's not because we don't fucking love you.
But man, you can't fucking leave this park.
Like, we'd be fucked without you here, man.
We're a fucking team, buddy.
You can't fucking leave us.
Don't leave me here with just Julian.
Please don't go, man.
You're fucking lucky that I love you so much, Ricky.
You fucking asshole.
You're fucking lucky I love you so much too, you fucking dick.
So what do you say? You want to... smoke a joint and watch a movie?
Ricky, you're eating cat treats.
What, these?
Yes, cat treats.
Well, these are fucking good.
They expensive?
Just gonna keep eating them, are you?
[fish] fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ!
[whispering] fuck. fuck off.
I'm so cold.
Oh my fuck, Ricky!
That fucking air conditioner's outta control, Julian.
We got to shut the fucking thing down!
Ricky! Ricky!
Are you all right in there?
That thingis an air conditioner.
Oh fuck, it even froze the dog!
You got to knock the door in,
Use your muscles. fuck off with the cocksuckin'noise!
Donny, watch your language!
There are children in this park!
Oh my god, it's freezing in here!
My god, he's like a fish stick!
Well we've gotta get him outta here and warm him up!
Come on!
We got to thaw him!
Grab his arm!
We got to thaw him, get the heat!
Go get the hairdryer out of the shed.
Come on!
Get my hairdryer!
Come on, get him out!
Oh my god, he's frozen. He's frozen!
I can't find a pulse, man.
Blast him with that thing,
Ricky, can you hear us?
Just wait, turn it off for a second.
I think he's breathing through the joint.
Come on, Ricky, come on.
Oh, shit.
Holy fuck, that's good hash.
Hey, don't listen to him, he's a goddamn caveman, for fuck's sakes, Barb.
I think it's very funny that you guys call him that.
I came home one day and actually caught him with my tole paints.
He was painting these weird little stick figures and animals on the wall with his fingers.
See, and you're gonna listen to him and let him get you down?
Come on.
Barb, there's too much at stake here, okay, you just can't give up.
I just don't have that kind of money for one thing, and for another thing, I can't ask Jim lahey for any favours.
The sale of this place is gonna give me a nest egg and I'll be able to get a little trailer down in Florida and escape.
Look, if I can get lahey on board with this one percent,
I could easily raise enough money to buy Sam out.
You and I could be partners.
Where are you gonna get that kind of money, Julian?
I can't be part of something illegal.
I'm not talking about illegal stuff, maybe a little bit, but I could raise most of the money from this bar.
Bubs said he'd kick in whatever he makes off the shed n breakfast once he opens it up.
And, Barb,
I don't know if you know this or not, but you're like a mother to most of us.
You just can't give upon everyone.
Think about it.
You and I together, as partners, we'd be fucking unstoppable.
How can you possibly be happy knowing you were fired and lost your fucking pension because of those guys?
I'm not interested,
Every time I try to take those guys down,
I lose.
Look, all I'm saying is if we could get these guys on something big,
I guarantee we could get ourselves reinstated on the force.
Or are you okay with having
"dishonourably discharged" on your record?
I'm finally in control of my own destiny here.
Julian needs something that I have, and I'm going to use it very quietly to get what I want.
How bad does he need it?
Bad enough to start breaking the law to get it?
The two of us, under cover in this park, would be unstoppable,
We could take them down, and they'd never even see it coming.
Reinstated, huh?
Here, dad.
Me and Jacob rolled these for you from that hash you gave me.
Get some rest.
I'll come see you after work,
'Kay? Love you.
Love you too.
You look nice, sweetheart.
The thing about my dad is he's been electrocuted...
I'm on fire, boys!
And shot...
Ah, fuck!
Ah, fuck!
Got in car accidents... shit, just keep driving, we'll lose 'em in the trees.
We just thawed him out, gave him a joint, and he's fine.
All right, guys, I got a plan, but Barb cannot know about this.
How do you feel about dipping into your retirement funds?
That way we can buy out
Samand just pay you back.
It's easy.
It's not that simple.
We wouldn't get shit for my fucking weed right now, the market's flooded.
And besides, it's all frozen in my trailer.
What about oil? You said there's a lot of money in oil.
There is, it's great money, but it's a pain in the fucking ass to make, and Sebastian bach ordered a Mason jar full and that's gonna take at least two weeks to make just that.
Well, Ricky, if it's just a time thing,
I might be able to streamline the process for you, you know.
I'm pretty good at that kind of shit.
Sure man.
That's a good start, but it's not good enough.
Just so you guys know,
I'm gonna do whatever it takes to save this park, and I'd really appreciate it if you guys were both on board with me, okay?
All right, mister fucking growly pants.
All right, bubs, can you put orangey out for a suntan for a bit?
A suntan?
Ricky, I don't think you're supposed to put fish in the direct sun.
Yeah you are, that's what givesthem their shiny coat and makes their flippers grow.
Hey, Jim.
To what do I owe the pleasure of this wonderful muscular machine?
Hey, can I get you a rum drinky poo?
No, I'm on the whiskey now,
I'm good thanks.
Oh sorry, Julian,
I've got no whiskey left.
Here, have a seat.
Hey, you must be hitting the gym lately, you're looking pretty fit,
Let's just cut to the chase.
What's it going to take to get your one percent?
Oh, Julian, that itsy bitsy one percent isn't for sale.
I mean, why would I want to part with that?
Jim, you know we need it to buy out Sam, come on.
Oh, yeah,
I never thought of that.
That one percent is really, really, really gonna be hard for me to part with because you know I'm pretty sentimental about it.
Besides, I mean,
I don't have time to think about that kind of thing,
I'm, I'm busy trying to figure out what I'm gonna do with my retirement.
Hey, maybe there's something you could help me with.
You know, you give me a little hand,
I give you a little hand.
What do you think,
What do you want me to do?
What are you doing?
We could be creative,
Cheers, bud.
Wanna be my partner?
I want your help.
Well, maybe you help me, and I'll help you, Julian.
Lahey's been trying to fuck meover my entire life, but now that's he's retired,
I'm hoping that, hey, he might actually want to try to help us out.
So, if that means that
I gotta break the law to get him things that's gonna make him happy, then I'm going to do it.
You got to be fucking kidding me, Marvin.
Julian, I know how this shit always goes with you guys.
I mean, I'm fine that you're partners with Barb, but I want you to promise me that we're gonna do this the right way and keep the illegal shit to a minimum.
I can't promise you that,
I've got way too much shit on the go right now, man.
Thanks, sweetie.
Well, I'm not going to fucking jail.
So, I mean,
I do wanna be involved, but if I'm going to do this,
I need to be in charge to keep things from getting fucky.
That's the deal.
All right, we're cool with that.
What do you think?
Okay, boys, well, there's only one team in the history of the world that was super tuned and super successful, and that was the a-team.
That's what I wanna model this after.
We are gonna be the v-team:
Ricky, you're over here,
Julian, you're over here.
There can't be any direct about illegal stuff, it has to flow through me, down here at the v.
The v-team.
Do you get it?
I don't know man.
Yeah, yeah I guess, but that's why the a-team was probably so good, right.
Because it's...
You know, they got this little shortcut-y path-y thing right here in the middle, so instead of having to go up here, you just cut right across here.
No, Ricky, that had nothing to do with the fucking a-team.
I'm just using it as an example.
We are going to be the v-team, just like that.
That way you two can't decide to, you know, do something like steal a bunch of fucking sheds when you have perfectly good money to buy the fucking things.
Has to flow through me.
All right?
All right,
I'm cool with it.
Yeah, I guess, man.
Okay, boys, put 'em in.
This is awesome.
Let's do this as a team and buy this park!
Put 'em in, Ricky.
One, two, three, v-team!
Did you hit yourself, Ricky?
Somebody did.
Randy, I don't need a goddamn drinking schedule.
I'm fine, bud.
Mr. lahey, you're gonna spend your entire retirement down at Julian's bar drinking that roc vodka every day.
I think liquor's the reason for your little problem.
Come on, Mr. lahey, just give it a try.
Check this out.
Weekdays you can havethree beer or wine coolers, on Friday you can have fouror five, and on Saturday, it's a free for all, you can have as much as you want.
Randy, I can have a free...
Gentlemen, I was wondering if I could have an hour off?
I have the chance to woo a beautiful woman with a song I wrote, and fuck the shit out of her.
The fact that he went ahead and hired an assistant while I'm still the supervisor, doesn't really bother me.
What does get me is the fact that he hired the first person he interviewed.
The fact that the guy's got chiselled features, a great body, silky hair, and warm beautiful voice is probably has nothingto do with it.
Oh, that was beautiful,
Thanks, Randy.
Of course you can have an hour off.
Take two, buddy.
Ah, fucking fantastic.
Uh, ra-Randy, Randy.
Yeah, maybe I could give this drinking schedule thing a shot.
Why not?
That's it, boys, keep sloshing the weed around the isopropyl.
Break that shit up.
Corey, take your fucking time, you stupid cocktard.
Ricky, be nice.
What's next?
Well, then we run that mixture through a cheesecloth, get rid of all the solid
Then, we've gotta boil off the alcohol in these pots, and that is fucking
Gotta be the exact
But that's it?
Once it's boiled off, what's left is honey oil?
Yeah man, the best you'll ever smoke.
Oh my fuck!
All right, listen up, you ass sprinklers, you guys are going to have to work together a lot now.
And Cory, if Jacob fucks up, be really hard on him.
It's the only way he's going to learn.
I'm going to give you guysfour strikes, and thanks to thatlittle fuck up, Corey, you guys have got three left.
Gotta get back to work, boys.
Back to work? I'm in the middle of making honey oil for that rock dick, man.
I'll be lucky to finish on time as it is. if this is the whole process,
I can streamline the shit out of this.
Couple things from the mall and I could have this whole thing running slicker than an oiled up whore at a fishing derby.
Good, make it happen, thanks.
Well, let's go to the mallright now.
Put your fucking plungers down.
I need you guys to steal me a Van, meet me at the mall.
All right, man.
Dude, what do you needa plunger for?
I'm in charge,
I was put in charge.
I was put in charge, you know what I'm sayin'?
You also got a strike against us.
All right, well I'm not trying to blame anyone for that, or anything, but you know what?
I wouldn't have stuck the thing in the bucket if you weren't, like...
You know what I'm sayin'?
I merely said to her, your hair is like gold, you must be some kind of treasure.
I like your chest.
She reminded me of my twin sister.
I didn't know you had a twin sister.
Ah yes, the most beautiful, kind soul on the face of the earth.
Holy fuck, Randy, where'd allthe smoke come from, bud?
Smoke? What smoke?
Frig off, Ricky!
Mr. lahey told me I should leave those guys alone, but if Ricky keeps friggin' pushing me-
Shhh! Shhh!
Let inner peace through all your soul.
Karma will do the rest.
What's up, dude?
Got the Van.
Got the Van.
Where did you get the Van?
They rented it.
What the fuck happened to you?
There was a dog in the back of the Van.
When we, uh, rented it.
It attacked me big time.
Oh yeah, rental Van companies always keep fucking attack dogs in the back.
Jake, Cory, you guys really are fuckin' dumber than stupid, aren't ya?
Oh no, dude, that dog was big.
You know what else? The whole package was in his mouth.
And what the fuck were you doing while the dog was chewing on his testicles?
I played dead, man.
Walked right past me.
My balls are killin' me guys, I think I need to go to the hospital.
We don't have time to go to the hospital right now.
You're gonna be fine, it's just a little scratch.
Here, Cory, take the hash coins, go see Steviein the hardware department at the fucking zellers,
Tell him you need a rice cooker- two rice cookers, two rice cookers we need.
Two rice cookers, a power bar, and shop vac filters, okay?
Yeah. He's gonna trade it for hash.
Cory, the cookers needs to be the sixty-five hundred model with the buttons on the front.
It's all good.
Try not to fuck that up.
What model number is it, Cory?
Sixty-five hundred,
I got this, dude.
Going to see Tommy right now.
Tommy's a guy, you know,
I've known since high school.
We used to call him
"Tommy bean"
'cause he used to carry around a bag of Benny's, so, you know, here comes Tommy bean with his bag of beans.
Anyway, the only thing
I could think of to get lahey was a couple gambling machines
'cause he likes to gamble.
So, if you wanna get shit like that, you go see Tommy bean.
No, bro, they're rigged up,
So they pay out    percent,
I get    percent, you guys walk away with free and clear, nice and easy. fucking beautiful.
You're a lifesaver, Tommy.
Yeah, bro, you know I'll hook you up.
There you go, tom.
What the fuck is this?
That's three gram for the deposit for the machines, minus the three hundred bucks that you owe me for the Moroccan hash
I got you in jail.
I said it was cash.
Who do I look like, fucking Jack cartier and his fur trading post
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! fuckers! I told you cash!
What the fuck are you gonna do, shoot us with a slingshot?
Put this sling right up your ass mother fucker, you know it!
That's fucking five grand worth of hash, you fucking cock-cheese idiot!
Calm the fuck down, home alone!
I see you back there.
Tommy, put down the slingshot.
Listen, keep the hash as a deposit,
I'll have the money for you next week, I promise.
Just put it down, come on.
All right.
One week.
I'm keeping this, and you better have my fucking money, or I will come to that bar and rip those machines out myself.
Thanks, you fucking psycho.
Yo, check it!
Rice cooker right there.
What model number was it again?
Fifty-six hundred, dude, you got to be listening.
Don't be screwing stuff up on me now.
I'm sorry, Cory, let's just hurry.
I got to go to the hospital or at least a doctor.
Yeah. Okay.
But more importantly, check it.
I got a good idea.
If we steal everything we need, then I can keep the hash
Ricky gave me, no one's gonna know.
No way, Corey, we can't fuck this up.
You were just saying that.
Don't be ridiculous, dude, we're not gonna mess anything up.
I used to do this type of thing with Trevor all the time.
Look, let's just do the trade with Stevie and leave.
Listen, man, if you're gonna work with me, you got to trust me. fuck okay, show me what to do.
Uh... yeah.
It's the oldest trickin the book, dude, the reverse trojan.
It's like you pile shit in something and the you roll it on out.
Who the fuck pulls outa slingshot?
Those things are fucking dangerous, Ricky,
I got scared. they actually pulled it off.
Holy fuck, nice work!
Nice work, boys, I thought you were gonna fuck thi-
Hey! Freeze!
You are all under arrest for shoplifting.
Jacob, what the fuck did you do?
Oh no, he didn't do anything, man, it was like the thing in the...
No talking, assholes!
You are all going to jail.
Why don't you take a long, glorious suck on my t-bone cockstick you wannabe cop pussies.
Dennis, unload!
Oh you mother... fuck!
You son of a whore!
You getting this, Jim?
I'm telling you, we should be closer.
That's what a dumb cop would do, George.
A smart cop would keep his distance and be patient.
I'm running this operation, based purely on seniority.
And until this-
Keep filming, Jim, innocent bystanders.
I need to step in.
What the hell is going on here?!
Ricky, put the gun down.
Uh, supervisor green, two men in the back there, shoplifted and are resisting arrest.
I gave the two dumbestfuck salamander cocks there at the back a piece of hash to trade to Stevie in the hardware
Wasn't supposed to be stealing.
You're lucky we don't sue you for this shit. Argh!
So where's the hash?
Consider this your lucky day, boys. fuck off, George.
Listen up, he's right, they could sue us.
Holster the pepper spray, we'll talk about this later.
We're leaving, come on.
What the fuck just happened there?
Why is he letting us go?
I don't know.
It's burning.
It feels bad because those fucking dickheads with the fucking pepper spray!
Get in, let's get the fuck out of here, you stupid assholes.
Guys my eye, I can't see.
Like I can't see.
No talking.
No talking, boys, it's your fault.
Hey, Jimmy.
Look what I picked up for you, buddy.
Now that's being creative,
I am very impressed.
We are off to a flying start here, bud.
Now you keep making me happy and I don't see any reason why
I wouldn't wanna help you out and make you happy.
So you're happy then?
I'm happy, Jules.
All right, just as long as this little arrangement that we have doesn't turn into a one-way street, if you know what I mean.
Julian, we're two friends who're just trying to help each other out, eh?
Well, you keep scratching my back and I'll be sure to scratch at least one percent of yours.
All right, keep playing.
Jesus, Ricky, you could've avoided that.
What took you guys so long?
What the hell happened to your eyes?
Cory and Jacob, the fucking cock donkey twins fucked up big time.
We had to drop them off at the hospital.
We did manage to get all the shit I need, though, Julian.
And I've got some good news too, boys.
Lahey's gonna help us out.
We're actually gonna pull this off.
So unload this shit, and get in here and celebrate with me.
That's fucking great news.
We don't have time to celebrate though,
I wanna test out this honey oil cooker.
It's fucking insanehow easy this is.
Not bad, huh?
But that's it?
Pretty much. I mean,
I had to take out the gyro that controls the auto but you just set her to long grain, and fucking get at 'er,
This is fucking amazing.
Hey, boys, how'd you make out?
Not good. Doctor said I might never be able to have kids.
Oh my god.
Well that's actually probably a good thing, Jacob.
Because well, the big reason is you're dumb and you don't even see it.
Even Trevor knewhow fucking dumb he was, but that's the problemwith you, you actually thinkyou're smart, when really you're twiceas fucking dumb as Trevor ever was.
Ricky, that's enough.
Basically he just sacrificed his testicles for us.
Yeah, actually, we were thinking that maybe because he got his shit fucked up, you could find it in your heart to give us another strike and cancel out the one from earlier, dude.
Ricky, it's the least you could do.
And I'm in charge now.
Two smokes, let's go, Jacob.
Yeah, of course.
And your lighter.
Let's go.
All right, boys, I'm gonna give you back a strike.
I feel bad for what you went through, Jacob.
Use it widely, okay?
No more fuckups.
Thanks a lot, Ricky.
Thanks, dude.
Ha! Gotcha!
Thanks, Ricky.
He's still not as dumb as trev.
Oh well, hello there,
You must be Donna.
Don's told me all about you.
Oh yes, don, the sweetest brother in the whole world.
Yes he is.
Pleasure to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
I'm real proud of you,
Mr. lahey.
I know it must be hard with everyone else drinking.
Nothing's too hard for you,
Sucking soul son of a shitbag!
Put it on my tab, sweetie.
Yeah, just put it on his thing,
Trinity, thanks.
Hey, Barb, how you doin'?
Hi, hi.
How did it got with Jim?
Good, really good.
I guess we're gonna make this happen.
Oh good. Listen,
I have something for you.
I, um... you know I've been doing this crystal therapy to kind of get my mojo back.
Well, this is a, this is a citrine crystal and it, uh, it helps you manifest your goals.
It attracts wealth and, and personal power, and prosperity, and success.
Nice. Thank you.
I guess we can use all the help we can get, huh?
What the fuck is that?
Jesus Christ.
What the fuck?
Frig off, Cyrus.
As the new supervisor of sunnyvale trailer park
I'm going to ask you to leave now or I'm calling the cops!
Want a taste of lead, you fat walrus pig man?
Put your gun away.
Ricky, put the gun down.
I'm trying to run a business here, guys.
I just wanted you two pisspots to meet the future owners of this fucking shit hole.
Oh, is that right?
How do you figure that?
All's I got to do is sell a little bit of this happy dust, which I have a lot of, and I will have the down payment to buy this shithole, flip it to a developer, and double or triple my money.
Brilliant plan, there,
Cyrus, you dick.
Problem is, you need to be a majority shareholder to buy out Barb, and you ain't that guy.
That's a big fuckup, isn't it, dummy?
What the fuck's he talking about, Sammy?
It's the first I heard of it. fuck me.
Yeah. Well, if you'd learn to read, Sam, you'd know that there's a shotgun clause in the pre-nup.
Ha ha ha ha!
Sam can't read, everybody!
If you want me to make that a little bit clearer because you're not that bright, guys?
Mr. lahey here, he owns one percent of this trailer park.
That makes him the deciding factor here, and he's with me and my partner here.
What the fuck, already?
Is that right, fucknuts?
Why don't youget your facts straight before you come into my park tootin' your fruity little horn and shootin' your little gun off?
Well, there's always ways to make things happen, isn't there?
And it ain't over
'til the fat lady sings.
While she's blowin' me!
Come on, Sam!
He's a weapons grade dickhead.
All right, show's over.
Everybody back in the bar.
Jacob, next round's on me for everyone, bud.
Thank you, Julian.
Did you see the look on Sam's face when you said we were partners?
Yeah, it was awesome.
Maybe this had something to do with it.
Maybe. Ha!
Let's go get a drink.
It's just going to take a bit of time until the word gets out about this place Bubs.
Until the word gets out? Yeah why isn't the word out Julian?
I spent too much fucking time distracted by you and Ricky, helping Ricky make his fucking honey oil.
I need time to focus on this myself and promote my business!
Oh hang on, wait, is this a customer?
Hi there! Open for business! cock SUCKER!!
Come on!
I put everything
I had into this and I came up short because of you two!
I thought there was gonna be people coming from all over the world! And I thought I'd make enough money to save the park and
I'd be a big hero.
Bubbles the hero!
Bubs you don't have to start crying about this.
Listen, I'm sorry we... we distracted you, okay?
I'm sorry man. But how
'bout I take today to help you figure out some ways to get this fucking place boomin'.
Well yeah that would be great actually if you'd actually do it but you won't.
I'll do it. fuck you screw!
How ya like that? You're fucking coming down, aren't ya?
This could be a customer.
This could be a customer!
Hi there, you guys the proprietors?
I'm the proprietor. Hi,
Bubbles, nice to meet ya.
Are you guys looking for a place to stay?
Well yeah we're travelling across Canada, mostly staying in our van there and we seen your flyer.
It says you allow cats.
Oh yes absolutely, it's a cat friendly resort.
Right here we got pancakes all you can eat maple syrup, you guys like maple syrup?
Groovy man we dig maple syrup.
Try to cock me around!!
OH YOU fuck
SUCKING fucking...
Don't worry about that.
DIRTY ass WHORE fucking DRAGON slut!!
THANKS FOR THE HELP
CORY AND JACOB!! fuck!! NICE GOING,
GOING TO fucking JAIL!
NOW I'M BLEEDING!!
I'm sorry I'll take control of him.
It's okay man I'm going to keep on truckin'.
Aw don't keep on trucking please.
Don't keep on truckin'!
Please it's very... really calming here it's... fuck YOU MICROWAVE!!
It's like a spa. fuck OFF!!!
RICKY!!! WHAT IN THE
FLYING fuck ARE YOU DOIN'??!! fuck YOU CUPBOARDS!!!
OH YOU DON'T WANT TO fucking GO HUH??
YOU GET THE fuck GOING!!!
I'VE LOST MY CUSTOMER!!! fuck YOU COUNTER!!!
I NEVER fucking
LIKED YOU ANYWAY!
OH MY fuck!!
Hey Bubs, how's the grand opening going buddy?
How's it goin'?
I just about had my first and only customer and ya almost killed them with a goddamn fucking SINK, that's how it's goin'.
What the hell are you doing in there?
That kinda sucks but listen buddy, last night I'm in the car laying awake fucking drunk and high as a motherfucker eating a corndog and BOOM!
This explody thing goes off in my brain.
I have a hockey team that sucks 'cuz
I can't afford the ice time to practice and
I've got a trailer that's too cold to live in.
So I'm turning my fucking trailer into a hockey rink.
A hock...? Ricky you can't turn your trailer into a fucking hockey rink.
Why not? It's flat.
I'll just put down some tarps.
I'll flood it, build some boards and pesto a hockey rink.
It's gonna be fucking awesome!
Put on your crystals boys.
No fucking way, I'm not wearing that thing ever again.
The Rockpile were teasing me calling me Harry Potter.
Yeah man crystals and rocks are fucking DUMB!
Hey fellas!
Hey Barb!
Hey Julian! Listen I've just found out about a spiritual retreat at the last minute so
I'm going to go down
'cuz they're going to have a huge range of crystals.
Do you want to come with me for the weekend?
Wow that sounds really nice but I...
I already promised
Bubs that I'd help him out with his business today.
Oh, oh okay well good luck with that Bubbles.
You know I think it is absolutely great what you're doing to help the park.
Thank you.
But you should be wearing your crystals like Julian!
I've got mine on.
It'll change your life. One like this, that's what you need.
No I can tell, yeah.
Okay, see you guys.
I'll see you after the weekend.
Have a good time.
I will. Bye!
And you expect us to believe that you two aren't banging?
You're doing it with her Julian.
We're not.
We're partners.
Yeah down in the bird region. fuck off Bubs.
Ha ha ha ha ha!!!
Definitely kissing at least.
Ha ha, doin' it!
Hey what's troubling you Randy?
It seems as though your heart is discontent.
You can tell that?
Yes it only takes but a glance to see that your chord does not chime in attunement with the universe.
Ah it's nothing really.
It's just Mister Lahey.
He wants us to work... and he has been making an effort but I don't know if it's him talkin' or the liquor.
I hate to interfere in anyone else's business but I feel as though I made a mistake telling you and Mister Lahey to go on that date.
I now see that his penchant for liquor is a disease of the soul.
He's fucked up Randy.
Yeah I know but he's been a good friend to me.
I can't turn my back on a friend.
Have you turned your back on him or has he turned his back on you?
So by you turning your back on him you're actually turning toward the fucking drunk bastard.
You guys don't have a hope in fucking hell Randy.
Bubs I've been thinking a lot about your business, man and
I don't know, do you really think there's enough demand for people wanting to vacation with their kitties?
Yeah that's one of the main fucking draws Julian.
Think about it, there's probably millions of people out there that don't go on vacation
'cuz there's nowhere they can go and bring their kitties.
I mean if I can get enough money saved and get heat hooked up here
I can run this thing all year.
It's going to be a fucking goldmine.
And I mean you're advertising as a Shed and Breakfast but you're only serving fucking all you can eat pancakes and maple syrup. Not everybody likes fucking pancakes.
Okay well the people that don't
I can run down to Horton's and get a fucking breakfast sandwich.
Either way there'll be a delicious breakfast.
Oh my god Julian, that's fucking Steve Rogers!
I bet he's coming to do a story about how fucked I am.
Just relax.
Can I help you?
Oh hi guys. Is the owner of the club here around?
That's me.
Hi, Roger Stevens.
What? You're Steve Rogers from Channel   .
We met before.
Sorry I keep forgetting how recognizable I am.
It's really hard being on the downlow when you're a celebrity so... how's it going guys?
Mister Rogers.
Bubbles so you got a new business opening up here?
Oh I've had a couple of minor setbacks.
Please don't do a story on me.
No I'm not here to do a story, I'm getting married this weekend.
A friend at the station told me you guys are running a strip club here in the park.
Yeah I am but unfortunately it's closed for renovations.
Oh fuck my ass.
We just need a place to have a little stag party tonight I mean...
I was going to have it in town but you know, recognizable celebrity.
It's hard to do anything without the old lady finding out about it.
Hey wait now.
I could probably have the place cleaned up by six and... round up five or six ladies, will that do?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah perfect, yeah I'll see ya then.
Right on.
What are you doing?
You just told me you were gonna help me revamp the Shed and Breakfast today.
Bubs I'll help you out tomorrow I promise.
You help me today,
I'll help you tomorrow.
Do you want to make money to save the park? Up to you.
All right.
Quit using that against me!
Using what?
Oh yeah.
All right Cory turn on the fucking water.
Here we go!
Turn off the fucking water!
This is gonna be fucking awesome!
What do ya think Orangie?
Look how much wet there is.
Yeah you fucking like that don't ya?
You wanna get in there and swim your gold little tits off I bet.
All right we can go for a little swim.
I gotta run out.
Here little buddy, don't be afraid, you're going to fucking love this.
Here, check it out!
Here you go Orangie.
Have fun!
I'll see ya in a little bit.
Two fucking smokes, let's go.
You look so extra pretty tonight.
You should just like...
Sarah the bar looks fucking incredible. Nice work.
Okay ladies, remember this guy is a celebrity, so I want big smiles, lots of energy and let's make some fucking money, okay?
'Kay pull your boobs up girls we want to sell drinks tonight.
That's what I'm talking about.
Here they come!
Welcome to the Dirty
Y'all ready to get your freak on or what?
You betcha.
Yeah, yeah!
Okay now guys, so there's no outside booze allowed but we have lots of great drinks inside.
I just need a credit card to get the tab started so is that you?
Not me.
Boys I'm fucking broke.
Credit card.
Pink cap there?
I don't have money.
Anybody? Credit card?
I need a credit card.
Guys it's my stag party you pussies. fuck it.
Let's go Rick James, let's get wasted.
Ha ha and let's see them titties boys.
Hey Randers, you look nice.
Listen I thought we'd make a couple little.
Mediterranean food tonight and maybe put a little fire down where I need it, what do you think? Roar!
What's this for?
Oh I... I dug out some of the old costumes.
I thought we'd get the old sawhorse out and... have a little party.
Nice thought Mister Lahey.
What's up with the hard liquor?
Well I... I thought tonight it'd be a special night, a special occasion Randy.
The liquor's what's causing the problems Mister Lahey.
This is what's making you turn your back on me.
Well you know what?
I'm gonna be the one to turn my back on you instead of you forcing me to turn my back the other way!
Is that you talking Randy or is that DON TALKING?
I need a break Mister Lahey.
I'm going out for some fun!
Have fun alone with your liquor drinks ya alcoholic!
Queen of hearts, how a propos.
I do thee wed.
Okay I see a lot of partying and a lot of groping but I need to make some money and no one's ordering drinks.
Okay another round for fuck it! Put it on my tab!
Ha ha ha!
We're not making any fucking money here, man.
I mean that's 'cuz these guys was already drinking man...
But I see a golden
We need to think outside the fucking box.
What are ya thinking?
All the sheds that are out back vacant?
Think about it.
That's fucking brilliant man.
That's what I'm saying man.
Ideas like that Jules.
I mean come on man, me and you and J-ROC we need to be partners man. Think about it.
Where's your fucking drink?
Go get a drink it's an open tab!
Woo, ha ha ha!!!
Ha ha ha!
Na na na na...
"You're turning your back on me forcing me to turn my back on you!" fucking Don that greasy haired shitworm and Donna whatever the fuck that is.
Hey Jim.
What the fuck do you want?
I noticed there's a pretty greasy party going on over at Julian's tonight.
Probably a good night for us to do a little bit of surveillance, wouldn't you say?
Excuse me ladies.
Bar's closed, private party.
Come on Julian,
I got money.
I need to get wasted bud.
It's a private party
Oh hi Randy!
You let Donna in.
'Cuz she's a chick.
I think.
Well maybe I'll call the cops and see what they think.
Holy fuck all right!
But if you're not spending any money get the fuck out of there.
Oh hi there handsome, how ya doing? Oh you big boy!
Hey buddy, how's it going?
I'm just trying to run some numbers here Julian.
I think I come out of the gate at too high of a price point, maybe.
What if I told you there's a company interested in renting all your sheds out right now for cash?
Are you serious?
We can make a shit ton of money off these stag dicks tonight man.
Why, what are you talking about?
Rent them out by the hour.
No fucking way Julian! I didn't put all this effort into the Shed and Breakfast so you could turn it into a goddamn
Hey, you know, this was
Tyrone's idea okay and the wheels are already in motion.
Yeah well you better put them out of fucking motion
'cuz it's not happening.
That's it, case closed.
Bubs, people are counting on us man.
I thought you wanted to be the big hero that saved the park.
Well I do want to be a hero that saves the park.
MMM fine!
One night!
Okay. Does it include this one or...?
NO! It doesn't include, this is my home!
All right, all right!
You can rent those ones out.
Thanks man.
Oh ha ha man that sucks.
It's all right, five minute rule.
I need to borrow your fuckin'...
You're fucked.
I need to borrow your phone, let's go.
I'm a little busy man. fuck off, here's ten bucks.
Two seconds, give me the fucking phone.
Hello! Hey buddy I need you to do me a favour.
Well I'm kinda in the middle of
Whore-A-Geddon here right now Ricky.
This is the greatest night of my fucking life! bitches for everyone on me!
Steve fucking Rogers! fuck EVERYBODY!!!
Take me in my ass!
Can you hear this greasy whore show Ricky?
This may or may not be an emergency, I'm not sure.
How long does it take ice to get froze from water? I forget.
I don't know. What are you talking about Ricky?
Well I let Orangie go for a fucking swim in the rink and I got fucked around by three sport stores that wouldn't take hash for cash, fucking nerds.
Anyway long stories get short, been gone a lot longer than I thought.
I want you to put him back in his bowl he might be getting cold.
Ah I can probably do that Ricky.
How long ago did you say ya flooded it?
A few hours anyway,
I don't fucking know.
Yeah Ricky no...
What you... fuck!
Yeah it should be... it shouldn't be frozen quite yet.
Where did you say you're at right now Ricky?
I'm still at the mall. I was dealing with dummies all night.
Listen can you give Orangie a snack?
He's probably fucking starving. how long till your back Ricky?
However fucking long it takes me to drive back from the mall,
I don't know, ten minutes?
Ah! All right!
Just take your time.
There's no real rush or anything.
I'll take care of Orangie.
Okay see you bud!
Right on Bubs!
Excuse me.
Clear a fucking path!
Oh yeah...
Jesus H Christ,
GET OUT OF THERE!!
That shed's not for rent!
Go on! Get going!
All right, Orangies.
Come on one of ya get in there.
All right little buddy, I got a really good feeling about you.
Let's go Orangie  . .
Right in here, look all thawed out nice and toasty warm for ya.
There we go. Julian!
This is fucked!! This is one of the greasiest whore shows
I've ever seen and it needs to stop right now!
Bubs I can't they already paid for the sheds until tomorrow morning.
I DON'T CARE!!!
BANGUS INTERRUPTUS!!
What am I going to do, haul people out of sheds while they're banging?
Bubs we made a lot of fuckin' money tonight!
You're a hero man!
Oh yeah I know Julian.
I'm right up there with.
Mother fucking Teresa!
Who the fuck barbecues with an open tab for pussy?
Welcome to the grand opening of
Bubbles Shed and Breakfast everybody!
For kitties and the people who love them.
Oh yeah, yeah!
No I paid for it.
You're on the clock.
Oh my god. Oh yeah, oh what's that smell?
Oh. Oh.
Yeah. Oh my god. It's so big! goddamn fucking horse shit!
Try to run a goddamn legitimate business.
We don't always have to tell the truth 'cuz honesty is just a test policy remember that.
It's one of the most important things the old man taught me,
I never forgot it.
Hey Bubs, how's it going?
How's it going? Take a fucking look around Ricky!
My whole business is destroyed! fucking Julian.
He fucks things up every time.
Thanks for putting Orangie back in his bowl last night. Was he chilly?
Yes he had quite a chill going when I found him.
Come over for a skate later it'll cheer you up.
All right kids, you ready to see this fucking thing?
Can you stop filming me?
Go film the people banging.
Pretty fucking awesome isn't it?
Hell yeah!
Well this is for you guys.
Now we can practice whenever the fuck we want without having to deal with rink dicks or guys looking for money.
We're going to have a kickass team next year, we might even win some games.
All right?
Remember what I taught you kids, winning is? fucking everything! fuck YEAH!!
Why is that big hole there?
Goddammit! It must be fucking ice squirrels!
Wow, we definitely got to do more private parties.
How'd we make out with the credit card?
I am at around forty-two hundred.
Are you kidding me?
Julian come outside and look at the. fucking DAMAGE
TO MY SHEDS!
You're paying for every bit of it too.
Bubs relax, I've got it covered man and I know it doesn't seem like it was a smart move right now, but we made a fucking killing last night man.
We totally did Bubbles.
Look it's not that big a deal.
I'll help you clean it up.
It was a really nice sacrifice that you made for everybody.
Thank you.
Jesus he can't be back for more, is he?
Hey Steve, how's it going buddy?
Did you have a good time last night?
I don't know what you put in those drinks.
I think somebody drugged me.
I know you went a bit out of hand last night but you guys ran up four grand on my credit card according to my online banking.
Yeah that's 'cuz you bought four grand worth of stuff.
My fiance saw it this morning, I told her it's a mistake. She thinks I'm at the bank right now sorting it out.
You gotta reverse the charges, there's no way I spent that much.
Steve you were buying drinks and ladies for everybody last night on that card. fucking shit adds up man!
Everything we ran on your card was legit, that's how much you spent.
That's the way it's going to be?
Well what if Channel did a little expos?
Maybe then you guys would change your tune.
You want to do a little expos on me?
Are you going to mention that you and your buddies were banging whores all night?
'Cuz I guarantee your. fucking fiance's going to love to know about that.
Oh my god that's her!
Please just go along with me, go along with me,
I'll do anything!
Hi honey! I went to the bank and I'm just sorting out how this bar here accidentally charged my card.
Oh yeah?
Did the bank happen to mention why THERE ARE fucking CRABS
CRAWLING AROUND IN OUR BED?
I can explain.
IS THIS WHERE YOU WERE LAST
I can explain honest!
IS THIS WHERE YOU SPENT
FOUR fucking GRAND
OF OUR WEDDING MONEY IN ONE
OF THESE LITTLE WHORE SHACKS??!!
AH!! EASY, THESE ARE
NOT WHORE SHACKS!!!!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU BROUGHT CRABS.
BACK TO OUR BED
STEVE ROGERS!!!
Oh my god.
Honest I must have caught 'em on the toilet seat.
What the fuck do you mean there's crabs in the sheds?
That's what I'm talking about. I needed that.
Randy you took your dickin'.
Oh, oh my god. Did you fuck the guy in the dress too?
EXCUSE ME bitch!!
I am all woman up in here.
You got nothing on this cock raiser!
Hi Steve!
We are so fucking DONE
STEVE ROGERS!!!
What the fuck is going on here?
Guys please don't tell
Mister Lahey about this.
All right this fucking shit show is officially over!
I have officially identified pediculosis pubis on Gary Lasereyes.
I am calling this a quarantine zone right now.
I want everybody off my fucking property please.
Get going!
Thanks a lot Julian. Thanks a lot.
Gary Lasereyes is infested!
Come on Gary, let's see if we can get the fucking dirty little. fucking crabs off ya.
Way to go Julian.
Real nice. Thank fuck
I didn't bang anybody.
Come on let's get ya out of here before fucking crabs jump on ya.
So are you still on the clock?
Wash your balls.
Good morning Jim.
What's for breakfast?
Ah little liquor ball sandwiches.
What brings you guys back?
Well Jimmy we were feeling pretty generous so we thought we'd come by and give you a little present.
No, no thanks.
It's two thousand, one hundred and nineteen dollars my friend,
The deposit for your one percent.
Well I-well I haven't made a decision yet... what goin' do?
Look I can't accept this.
Listen Liquoracci, you only got two choices. Accept the down payment for the one percent and be my friend...
Or choice behind door number two!
Come in.
Hey Julian. My personal bodyguard.
I feel safer already, bud.
Hey Jim.
Yeah. Shhh. Randy's
Follow me.
Jules, I know how much you like Clint Eastwood so I rented Dirty Harry movie for us, bud.
Since Randy's asleep out in the living room,
I thought we might watch it in here.
Look. Separated right down the middle, bud.
Are you fucking kidding me?
I'm here to protect you, not lay in bed and watch movies with ya.
Jesus Christ Jim.
That's okay, Julian.
No TV in here anyway, bud.
Oh fuck. Get up.
Get up. I'm sleeping on the couch. Get up!
Get the fuck up.
Ow. Let go. Okay. I'll sleep fucking outside.
Geez. This is
Goodnight Randy.
We gotta make something clear here.
Do you and I have a deal with this one percent, or am I fucking leaving right now?
Julian, I cross my heart.
Cyrus and Sam are not gonna get my one percent.
Okay. I'm sorry. I'm just a little stressed out.
I'm tired. I just want to make sure that I can stayed focused on protecting you, Jim.
All right.
Oh fuck.
You know Julian, right now you remind me of Kevin Costner in 'The
Good night, Frank Farmer.
Mr. Lahey!
Just making breakfast for
Julian, Randy.
With your hands down your
Is that how you show me that you love me?
Is that my apple wood smoked bacon?
What the hell are you guys fighting about?
Oh I was just making you breakfast, Julian.
That's my bacon!
This is the last straw, Mr. Lahey.
I'm officially moving out.
Help my fuck, Randy.
Tell me you and Lahey just didn't break up over some bacon.
Over bacon?
Nah, I've got shit to do, Lahey.
I'll talk to you later.
You are the Gut-tinator.
It wasn't over friggin'
Ever see a gravy tugboat,
What the frig is a gravy
Look down. You carry one
Frig off, Tyrone!
Hey, bring me back some bacon too.
It's my private friggin'
Frig off!
So Bubs, are you sure your setup can handle the volume?
Oh my setup can handle the volume, believe me.
It's just a matter whether I can handle the volume of stress.
T, I'm gonna need you to put a couple guys at the entrance of the park just in case
Cyrus and Sam show up.
Already too thin on the rooftops and shit, man.
I can get my hockey team to watch the entrance.
Probably a good idea not to have the kids here anyway.
Oh yeah, putting the kids on look out for Sam and Cyrus with guns and cocaine.
That's a much better idea.
It's just precautionary.
Let's get this refinery fired up, boys!
Okay team, listen up. Thanks for meeting me here.
We're not gonna practice today.
Instead, I need you guys to be my lookout.
This is a really, really important fucking job so I need you to band
I want you guys to all work as a team and be like a strong long chain.
Do you understand?
Okay. Well I'm just one of the links in the chain but a link is only as long as your longest strong chain.
Take this. If you see Sam, that's the big guy that looks like Doug The
Bounty Hunter, or Cyrus, that big fucking guy that looks like gay Fonzi.
They drive a really stupid red corvette.
If you see them, notify me immediately or any cops.
All right? You know what they say, team.
Good things come to those at the gate.
Let's see if it's true.
This doesn't make any fucking sense.
Yo man. Still nothing coming out.
Bubbles, should I keep stuffing weed into the machine?
No Jacob, just hang the fuck on.
I got a log jam going on here.
Check the pressure valve in the back, please.
Holy shit! Where there's smoke, there's a wire!
You fucking did it, buddy!
Not yet, Ricky. There's a fucking problem here!
What's going on?
I don't know. I can't figure it out! I got the weed going into the
Isopropyl, coming up through the pipes, down through the filtering system, over to the two-stage fucking refinery process.
Then it comes out under pressure up through the double ninety and it should be going into the tank but it's not.
I can't figure it out.
This doesn't make any sense.
Cory, you stupid cocksucker, you put the valve on wrong!
What's a valve?
Holy fuck, that's clean.
What a taste!
Ah dude, can I try?
No you can't try. You guys are fucking dumb enough as it is. You don't need to be getting high right now and fucking up your little brain.
Bubbles, you are a certill-fied fucking genus.
Thanks Ricky.
On time as usual, Jim. fuck off, George.
The weed is right out there in the open.
Jim, this is a day you're never gonna forget.
I'm calling in the
Oh yeah? Well you're not calling in the heavies, George.
Jim, this is a chance to make this happen.
You're not calling the goddamn heavies, George.
They're making honey oil, a ton of it!
That's a controlled substance.
That puts them in the same league as heroin! I'm in deep, George. I got their trust.
Look, one more day,
George. One more day,
I'll find out when the deal's going down and who it's going down with.
George, give me one more fucking day and I promise
I will lasso those shit turds and I will make them into one gigantic shit ball and roll that greasy ball of shit back to the shit pen for some real shitty time.
Yeah. Everything's shit,
What the fuck is going on with you fuckers?
Why have you been blowing up my Skype?
Sorry Sebastian. Ricky just, he really needed to get a hold of ya.
Don't tell me you're not hookin' up with me tomorrow at Swearstock.
No, no, no. I just wanted to let you know that I got a lot more fucking grease than
I thought I was gonna have and I thought you might be interested in taking more of it.
This is it, man.
I'm retiring.
Well dude, that stinks but yeah, I'm interested in taking more. How much you got?
I got a fucking ton of it.
Yeah fuck it. I'll take everything you got!
Are you fucking serious?
Yeah. It's the best shit I ever smoked!
I'll be back in touch with you tomorrow about the drop.
I'll see you mafucklers tomorrow.
Holy shit, boys.
A one fucking shot deal.
God. It's about time the good news fairy shit a rainbow on us.
Randy, I'm sorry that you're hurting.
I knew that your love would eventually part ways, man.
I knew it too. I just didn't want to admit it.
Can I crash at your place for a while?
I don't think Donna would
Your sister. She lives with you, right?
Randal, my sister Donna was mauled to death by a bear and two cougars in Banff National
Park thirteen years ago.
Holy fuck!
Holy fuck this thing's
Boys, we're gonna have way more than I thought we were.
Julian, boys.
Don't freak out and don't look around but George Green is videotaping you right now.
Where's he at?
Cory, stop looking the fuck
What the fuck are you talking about, Mr.
Lahey? Videotaping?
He's been gathering evidence on you guys for the last couple of weeks.
He's trying to get himself reinstated back on the force.
Oh that dirty cocksucker!
Ha, Ha... What are we gonna do here boys? I'm freaking out.
How much does he know?
Oh he doesn't know much.
He's, uh, he's been asking me questions, the stupid bastard, but he has no idea that I'm on your side.
Boys this is no big deal. Jim?
You tell that stupid fuck locker George that the biggest honey oil deal in history is going down tomorrow morning and to be ready.
Ricky! Ricky! What are you doing, bud?
Relax Bubs, it's George
Green. He was the dumbest fucking asshole in the fucking world when he was a cop and he's even more of dumb ass fuck now that he's not.
Oh baby. I'm freaking out.
I'm freaking out, Julian.
Man, something just doesn't feel right with Lahey.
I know that fuck head too well.
The problem is, your brain is incapable of trusting him, Ricky, which is understandable but I'm telling you man, he has everything to lose if he doesn't team up with us and nothing to gain.
I agree, but try thinking about it upside down like
I is. I think his brain is uncapable of not wanting to fuck us over and send us back to jail, especially when he's drinking.
Doesn't anybody use plastic anymore? fucking cardboard and other shit.
Oh there we go. Jack pop!
See Julian. We just need about ten or twenty more of this man. It's gonna work fucking perfectly.
What the fuck?
Sons of bitches!
I knew it wasn't those goddamn raccoons.
Will you fuck off?
Tearing my shit apart. Now you, you're gonna clean up every bit of this god forsaken mess.
The fuck I am. Once it's in blue bags, the city owns it. They can clean it the fuck up! goddamn degenerates, that's what you are!
Yeah? Only an asshole hits someone with a fucking leaves comber!
Get us out of here.
Thanks for the help, Julian.
Know how to fucking get milk jugs.
Nice work boys. Nice work.
Ricky's gonna be impressed.
You really think so?
Oh, I know so. He's been talking about you guys and how you haven't been fucking up lately.
Especially you Jacob.
Ah fuck.
Yeah. Keep it up.
I'll be right back.
Hey Bubs. Is Ricky just being nice to me because he has to now?
No, Jacob. He's being nice to you 'cause you've been working hard and don't tell him I said this but I think he actually really likes ya.
Ah fuck. That's great.
That's awesome dude.
Look at the elbow.
I read it on the internet.
Nice connection, boys.
Right on the money.
Hey Bubbles, what's going
Uh hey,
Randy. I'm just, uh, testing out some heating systems. Yeah.
Good stuff. Listen, could I talk to you for a second?
Uh yes. Yes, for sure.
Let's go for a little walk and have a chat,
Randingo. Boys,
I'll be back in a second.
Keep feeding the heating system.
Okay Bubs.
So what's on your mind there, Randy?
I know we haven't talked in a long time but I don't have anyone else to talk to and I know that you won't judge me.
I'm in a situation here that I'm really confused about it.
Oh yeah? What's that situation now?
Well if you were doing stuff with someone who, at the time, thought they were someone else when you were doing it with them, and they didn't remember anything the next day when they were another person, would you still do stuff with that person?
Randy, are you trying to tell me you didn't know
Don and Donna were the same person and you fucking did stuff to one of them?
Just to Donna actually.
I'm really attracted to her.
Right. That's... great.
I don't think this is a good idea, Cory. Ricky said not to try it.
Come on, dude. You deserve to get high.
Bubbles kinda said so.
Besides, you and Ricky are cool, man. Who's gonna find out?
All right.
It's stuck.
Man, you're doing it wrong
It's like righties tighties, lefties loosies.
No. I remember when I remembered it, I told myself not to remember it the simple way so it must be righties loosies, lefties tighties.
Yeah, something like that, dude. I don't know.
I get all the rhyming words mixed up.
You're probably right.
Just crank it, man.
It's stuck that way too.
Yeah. You just gotta...
Oh shit!
Oh fuck!
Ooh. Okay, get some.
Ow! Ow! Oh fuck!
What are we gonna do?
I don't know, dude.
Ah! Aww, fuck man. It's burning me!
No, you just hold... ah!
It's burning me, Cory.
Go! Get out of the way!
Get out of the way! Go.
Aw shit man. Ow!
Oh fuck.
We need something bigger,
Go dude! Go!
There's still maple syrup in it.
Bubbles is gonna kill us.
Ah! Well Ricky's gonna kill us too, dude.
Just put it up.
I don't know what to do.
I like her, Don's my friend.
I mean this is just really, really weird.
Oh yeah, no, it's a fucking weird one all right.
Uh I don't really know what to tell ya, bud, to be honest.
It's not really my field, you know? This could be one of those 'figure it out on your own' type of things.
Maybe I should have some liquor drinks, let the liquor do the thinking.
There you go. There you go.
That's what you do right there.
All right.
I'm glad I could help, Randy.
Good luck with that
Thanks Bubbles. Yeah.
Oh my god. Sweet Jesus and baby Mariam.
What the fuck happened?
Why is there oil all in these? Why is there a tree sticking out of that?
That valve thing just broke off, dude. It broke.
It just broke off, did it?
All by itself. Oh my fuck
Ricky, just...
What the fuck did you guys
We had a bit of a situation with the oil but we, we took care of it.
Yeah, he did really good.
He worked on the fly. He put, you know...
Tell me that barrel was empty when you put my oil in it.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah it was. Almost.
Oh my god. You two bumble-cock shit bitches just completely fucked us.
May as well get high boys
'cause these fuck-ass dick machines just cost us the trailer park. fuck ass dick machines.
Ah fuck! cock sucking fucking stairs!
Randy? Are you okay?
Oh my god.
Let me help you up there.
You big hunk of love.
Oh, you're just like a furnace and all musky.
Sorry Donna. I can't have a
Left Mr. Lahey for good.
Oh. Well I'm selfishly not sorry to hear that.
Do you want to come inside, and get a little more musky there big boy?
Come on. Let's go inside.
I'd like to but what about Don?
Oh Don. Don's not the boss of me. I'm my own woman.
Come on in here.
With me.
If Don doesn't care.
Ah fuck Don!
Oh my god.
That's fucking disgusting.
Throw that the fuck away.
Oh god.
It tastes like furnace oil and two stroke fucking gas.
Is this the maple syrup oil?
Oh my fuck! You're not gonna believe this, man.
This is the best tasting oil I've ever smoked in my entire fucking life.
Try that. Taste like
It tastes like pancakes!!
With that barrel and everything we've got left to make, we're gonna have way more than enough to buy this fucking trailer park.
Ah thank fuck!
Try that.
Back to work, boys. We gotta finish making that oil.
Bubs, you got any maple syrup left?
Yeah, I've got maple syrup left but I was gonna use it for my shed and breakfast business, which doesn't fucking exist
Yes, you can have my maple syrup.
Thanks buddy. New recipe.
Are you fucking close enough with the thing?
Hey, hey! Hold the fuck on.
We got a fucking meeting with a lawyer in there.
Yeah not today, buddy. The building's closed.
We close at five.
Okay great. Great. We'll see ya tomorrow then.
Okay. The lawyer's gonna be here tomorrow at noon so, so nobody be late and nobody fuc... screw, screw up, okay? Just, just tomorrow!
Nice work, partner.
We need to get a party going on up in here!
Hey man, you can do whatever you want.
Your attention everybody. I just want you guys to see my newest business partner.
Oh what?
You and J have earned it, man. You deserve it.
Sorry. What the fuck are you talking about him and J-Roc?
I did half the fucking work.
This is typical.
Sarah, I didn't forget about you. Listen, hey, hey.
How does VP of Operations for
The Dirty Dancer sound?
For real?
For re... well, is it okay with you?
I'm fucking cool with it.
That sounds good to me.
Congratulations, Sarah.
Nice job. fuck these are good chips.
Oh oh oh oh oh oh Julian.
Julian, it's dick brains. fuck him. How was your meeting with the lawyer, dick head?
Well look who it is. I guess you just answered a very important fucking question I had.
Oh yeah? Which question would that be?
On whether or not I had to shoot Mr. Jim fucking Lahey.
Oh fuck!
Nobody's shooting anybody.
Listen, the deal is going down tomorrow. I've got the cash. Lahey's on my side.
You fucking lose, okay?
So take the money that I'm giving you tomorrow and just let it go, man, okay? I'm sick of fucking fighting with you. fuck you Cyrus.
Well I don't like to fucking lose and I don't like to let things go. So I guess
I'll just see you at the fucking finish line, won't we there, Mr. Muscle Dummy? fuck sake. fuck off! All right. Let's get drunk everybody.
Great. Not only do we gotta out thock George Green.
Now we gotta double smart Sam and Cyrus too.
How in the fuck are we gonna do that?
Can I help you?
Can I help you?
No, I'm good, bud.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Oh, hey, guys.
Look at this dumb fuck.
Listen, I've got to get you to hold up right here.
I just need to check it out with Julian first, okay?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Get the frig back here, you stupid dicks!
Stop the van!
Get back here, you dicks! Stop!
You stay right there, buddy!
Friggin' don't you move! fuck off, Randy!
I'm on public property.
You stay right there!
What the frig...
Turn that camera off!
Whoa, what the fuck are you guys doing here?
Get the fuck out of my park!
Just sh1tting you!
Come on, boys.
Come and grab a drink, check out my bar.
It's fucking crazy in here.
Pretty fucking cool, huh?
I've got two booths over here, a pool table, full-length bar, lots of liquor.
Check out all this country shit
I bought at a flea market.
Head bartender,
Marguerite. Say hi.
Howdy, boys!
What's your pleasure?
This is Jacob.
Jacob, say hi.
Oh... hey.
This is the shooter bar over here.
We've got    different kinds of shots.
And live entertainment seven nights a week!
Thank you! We're going to take a little break here, folks.
Like fuck are, Bubbs.
Keep it going! Finch!
Keep the drinks servin' up, man.
Come on, we're staying open late again tonight.
This is my third double shift in a row!
I don't give... go smoke a joint, grab a drink.
You'll be fine, man.
When am I getting paid?
Look, you're going to get paid!
You heard the man, ladies and gentlemen.
Get on your drinking shoes.
Bubbles And The Shitrockers are here all night!
One, two, three, four...
Who wants shots?
Line up and get the shots, everybody!
And this is my girlfriends.
Bambi and Dakota.
Right now?
It's too busy.
You promised.
I'll take care of you guys later, all right?
Come out here, guys.
Things are pretty good for everyone.
I mean, life is fucking good.
It may have taken a little longer than I had hoped for but Freedom sounds just as good as Freedom   .
'Sup, dude? We're staying open late again tonight, so the parents want you to put the kids to bed in the bus soon, all right?
And I'm cool with that
'cause Cory gets bedtime tips.
Come and check out Ricky's store.
This is going to be fucking funny.
That shit will make your cock bigger...
Look who's back, Rick. fuck! What the...
Ricky, what the... Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa...
Calm the fuck down!
What the fuck, man?
You guys are supposed to be gone forever!
Jesus! Julian, you fucking promised, man.
You said this was it, they're fucking done! Ah, fuck!
And now here they are!
This is fucking bullshit! I thought we were partying all night tonight.
Would you fucking relax?
We are partying tonight.
I'm not partying with these fucking dicks!
Rick, they promised to stay out of your way, all right?
Ricky, would you fucking calm down?
I just want the world to see that we made it.
Let's celebrate.
I am pretty pumped to get drunk tonight.
Well, let's get fucking drunk, then!
All right.
What are you doing?
Getting drunk and high.
We're celebrating.
What do you mean, no?
No, that's... abso-fucking-lutely not.
The chart says that we have to be banging between  :   and  :   for optimal chances, and I...
I don't want to get hungover.
You're not going to be hungover.
We'll just keep drinking right till then. You know I bang a lot harder when I'm drunk.
Okay, no booze and no weed and you're sleeping in my bed until I get pregnant.
All right? All right.
I'll be in in a minute.
I've just got to finish up with Reggie. I love you.
"Love you!"
Have fun, bud.
I'm going to get drunk.
Lucky prick.
What? You've got to take the noise down.
The people in the new subdivision are complaining.
Randy, I don't give a fuck.
I'm partying all night.
And if the cops come, you're fired.
Do your fucking job!
I'm trying to do my job.
But it's a little friggin' hard with no authority!
I've been trailer park supervisor for a few months now but it's not nearly as glamorous as what Mr. Lahey used to make it sound.
Especially with Julian bossing me around all the time.
There's a lot more to this job than meets the eye, let me tell you.
Mr. Lahey and I, we decided it was best if we took a break for a little while.
It was only supposed to be for a couple of weeks but it's been a couple of months now.
Oh, shit!
Hey, Ted.
Evening, Randy.
I've got a lot of noise complaints coming in tonight, bud.
Sorry. Some new residents moved in and...
I'll deal with it, Ted.
Don't worry about it.
Will you?
Because things might not go too smooth for you if I have to go down to Julian's and deal with this myself.
Know what I'm saying, Randy?
Okay, guys, here.
No more filming, all right?
We'll talk to you guys tomorrow or something, all right?
Come back after lunch.
Here. And stop dropping the fucking things and breaking them, you yoyo!
I didn't drop a fucking glass and break it.
What? Look, I'm fucking sorry, bud, that I got too drunk to keep playing but I am fucked! Bubbs, don't worry about it.
I mean, you get as drunk as you fucking want, all right?
Man, dudes.
$ .   in tips, man!
All from tonight? That's fucking awesome, Cory! Yeah, dude!
See, boys, that's what I'm talking about.
We might not be rich, but if we can keep things going at the level they're going right now, that's Freedom    as far as I'm concerned.
Totally fucking agree, Julian.
This is all I need in my life, right here. fucking cart business starting to boom, fucking kitties got all their needles, couple of bucks in my pocket for liquor.
Best of all, my best friends are all here and not in jail.
Never going back, man.
Roc Pile, stop working.
Get over here.
Pick up a shot.
I want to do a toast.
Yes, let's have a fucking toast!
To Freedom   .
No. Can't toast to that.
Ricky's not here.
That was all of our dreams.
Gotta wait for Ricky.
All right, okay, we'll do it again tomorrow night, then.
How about, I'm getting as drunk as fuck every night this week?
Yeah, fucking suck that!
Hey, girls.
Hey, baby.
He has time for us.
Are you coming to the bedroom?
Yeah, you promised. You guys want to shut it down?
Yeah, we do.
Come get us.
Better hurry.
Excuse me.
All right, boys. Try to get some sleep for me because you know I'm not getting any tonight. Again.
Let a player know if he needs to tag in and help you.
What the fuck are you doing? You're up! fucking right, I'm up!
Couldn't sleep. My brain started talking at me.
Lucy said, no weed and no booze.
She didn't say a fucking thing about mushrooms.
You're on mushrooms?
I took a big handful, man.
They're kicking in
They're fucking awesome!
Here, let me get you a liquor drink.
I don't even need one, buddy. Come on!
Get a drink.
Come on!
Boys, get on. Huddle up.
Look, I want to do a toast here.
Toast time! Toast time!
To Freedom   , boys!
We did it!
Ricky! Ricky!
What the f...
Jesus Christ, Ricky!
Why do you get like the Hulk when you're on mushrooms?
The Hulk was a big, green pussy!
I'm mushroom man!
Come on!
You're fucking unbelievable.
You couldn't take one night off?
Lucy, I didn't drink, or smoke weed,
I swear to goddamn fucking Jesus!
Okay, well your pupils are fucked!
You know what? fuck it!
I was supposed to take care of
Mo while Trin was at the mall...
You can. I'm fucking going out.
Maybe I'll get drunk.
Does this mean we're not banging later?
Just go bang yourself.
You guys are fucking late. You were supposed to be here an hour ago, you fucking dummies!
Just a second. I'm coming.
Grammie's just getting mad at
Grampy for some fucking reason!
Are you going to play with
Grampy's ashtray again?
Okay, I'll be right back, little buddy.
So this is the family business, the Drugs Store.
You can pretty much get whatever the fuck you want in here, as long as whatever you want is to get stoned.
Now I named all the shit in here after the people in the park's favourite things.
You've got your
Bubble's Gummies, uh, T's Green Tea,
Julian's Juice, which is basically a protein shake-and-bake for gym dummies.
And this is my shit here:
Ricky's Nuclear Angel Butter.
It's fucking awesome for baking. Try that shit out.
Thanks, man.
So yeah. Life's pretty fucking great.
Me and Lucy, Trin,
Jacob, Mo, all in one roof.
Except for Willie Goat.
Had to give that cock-sucker to a farm once his nuts dropped.
He's a goddamn nightmare trying to hump everything:
The fucking stove, fridge, the stereo, TV, my leg.
So this is where Trin and Jacob and Mo live.
Jesus Christ, Jacob! Put on some fucking underwear!
Is that how you sleep next to my daughter?
What time is it? I must have slept through the alarm.
I unplugged the fucking alarm.
What? When?
Earlier. I came back from Julian's, the thing was fucking blaring.
Why didn't you wake me up?
Because that's not my fucking job, Jacob.
You need to learn to look after yourself, bud. Oh, man!
I'm working four jobs trying to save up money for mine and Trin's wedding but... normally it's the bride's father who pays for the wedding but, in this case that's Ricky, so...
He says I've got to learn how to... for to be a man.
So that's what I've got to do, I guess.
I've got to pay the bills.
He says I could just get two or three more jobs to make ends meet, but I don't know when
I'm supposed to do that.
I have no time to brush my teeth, no time to sleep.
What does he expect?
Hey, look at that.
Your finger's the perfect size for packing weed joints.
So what do you think?
Should Grammie and Grampy make another one of you?
"I don't know, Grampy.
"Babies are a bit of a pain in the fucking ass and you guys aren't getting any younger."
I hear you. But you're a cute little bastard, aren't you?
Isn't he fucking cute?
You like rolling jointie-wointies with Grampy-wampy?
Let's try the other finger.
Maybe you'll be
Maybe you'll be amphibious.
That'd be pretty fucking cool.
Hey, what's up, dude? I heard you were calling for me.
Yeah. What are you doing today?
I'm mowing lawns with Randy.
Here, drink that.
Put a couple filters in here.
Two perfectly rolled joints, all thanks to you.
Cool. What's this?
It's a weed drink I'm working on,   Hour De-Energy.
It's probably pretty potent, so I can't take it.
I've got to bang Lucy later.
I can't be too fucked up.
Well, am I going to be too fucked up?
I don't fucking know.
It's an experiment.
Anyway just pay attention how long it takes to kick in, how strong it is and all that... Oh, my fuck!
Oh, dude, that wasn't me, I swear.
It's him, you fucking idiot!
Man, that's heinous, dude!
Oh, man, that's nasty. Cory, get the fuck out of here.
You're driving me nuts.
I don't know what it is.
Never used to bother me, but as I get older, a fucking low tolerance for smells.
Probably from hanging around Randy my whole life, who smells like complete shit.
There you go.
Oh, God, that's bad.
Jesus Christ, how is that even possible?
It's bigger than you are, for Christ's sake!
Oh, fuck!
Ricky's grandson doesn't stand a goddamn chance.
Not just because he's named after a motel, but because Ricky's helping to raise him.
People forget that Lucy and I had a kid a few years back.
Baby Randy.
Ah, frig!
But when it became clear that I was no longer welcome and that Ricky was going to be raising him,
I said frig that!
I wanted him to have a chance at a better life.
So I told Lucy I wanted to put him up for adoption.
And she thought it'd be the best thing for him too.
Now she's talking about having another baby!
Bubbles, where are you coming from?
Are those carts stolen?
How many times have we been through this, Randy?
When the fucking things are down over the bank, they don't belong to anyone!
Just because someone doesn't have them in their possession doesn't mean they still don't own them, Bubbles.
Oh, really, Randy?
Almost like if somebody got something fucking repossessed, and then some slime-covered bitch bought it at a fucking discount while the person was trying to save up to get it back?
Is that what you mean? fuck off!
Randy thinks he's so fucking big ever since he became supervisor.
He makes a couple bucks and first thing he does, goes and buys my old shed that Eons took back from me.
Buys a great big boom box that he knows I was eyeing up at Zellers.
He's being a fucking arsehole, if you ask me.
But I can't focus on that shit.
There's too many... too many good things happening.
The cart business is going to start booming again,
I can feel it in my bones.
The market's going to get hot and I'll be selling these silver bitches as fast as I can fix them.
Oh, yeah!
And I'm practicing up for this thing right here:
Open mic contest at the Legion.
Look at that.
$     grand prize.
Plus, if I win, I get to compete in the Legionals.
Maybe even do the whole Legion circuit.
I mean that's a big deal, obviously.
You know, I'd be...
I'd be clocking road strange every night of the week.
And I don't mean the regular old load lizards you see hanging around the parking lot.
I'd be getting some quality scrunt.
That's a nice bud, isn't it?
Grampy grew that.
Maybe when you get older, you can help Grampy grow dope.
The other thing you've got to learn is the difference between weed and hash.
See, this one here, that's weed. Smell that.
Yeah, that's strong, isn't it?
This is hash.
Doesn't that smell nice?
There's my little man!
Thanks for looking after him, Dad.
Of course, Sweetie.
Listen, Luce.
I know I fucked up, even though I didn't smoke dope or drink, which is true.
I been just doing all this thinking and... and my thoks are saying that maybe I'm scared to have a whole
'nother baby thing.
Yeah, well,
I know you're scared but maybe we could be scared together, you know?
The other problem is I don't even know if it's possible.
Like Mo's our gram-son. So, if we have another baby, is it, like, the brother of the uncle of...
I'm the father... What the fuck are you?
Like, what...
It's fine, it's fine.
It's okay.
If it's what you really want to do,
I'll do it.
Don't make it sound like a chore.
Well, it sorta kinda is.
Like, banging for to make a baby is kinda lame.
Banging for to make a baby is a whole different kettle and dish from regular banging.
Like, you actually have to warm up and stretch.
It's all about the timing, how fucking hard you bang.
It just never ends up being as dirty as regular banging.
It's kind of lame.
It's like pumping gas it fucking takes forever and you're leaving your hose in there, and you just want it to end, and it never fucking ends.
It's lame.
Ricky, what the fuck are you talking about?
Just doing some stretches over here, Bubbs.
Did you say you banged an   -wheeler?
No. Your mother did, though.
Banging for to make
Will you do some of the crazy shit like we used to do?
Whatever you're up for.
Lucy, I would love to get some dirty, dirty, greasy shit going on with you.
It's been so long.
Sorry about that,
Trin. Listen, is there any way you and Mo could leave for a few hours because this afternoon I am bringing the fucking heat to your mother, like big-time.
If you guys are around, I won't be able to concentrate.
Gross. Gross!
It's not gross.
It's me and your mother. It's cool.
It's awesome. Bye.
So, do you want to...
Yes! Let's fucking go right now!
How the frig do these go?
I don't want any of that stuff from last night with Ted showing up on the TV, guys.
I'm serious.
I was just doing my job.
Ah, for frig's sakes!
Hey, Sarah.
How was jail?
It's jail, Randy.
It fucking sucked.
What about Barb and Donna?
Are they out too?
I don't know and I don't care.
You know, jail's turned
Barb into a bitch.
What happened to your chest?
Oh, I read in a men's magazine that if you shave your chest, it makes you look thinner and more cut.
And I've been playing the field a little bit and taking better care of myself now that I'm single.
And I've been making
Popsicle stick crafts and sometimes the Popsicle juice drips on my chest and makes me all sticky.
So I shaved it because of that too.
You know, you can buy those in bulk at the craft store.
Yeah, but that'd be cheating, Sarah.
If they don't have a Popsicle on them, they're not real
Popsicle sticks.
Holy shit! Cory!
My God! Is he dead?
I don't know!
Holy shit, Randy, call    !
Cory, look at me.
I think he's having a stroke.
I had a... weed drink from Ricky.
Are you just really fucking high right now?
Friggin' Ricky!
I've had it with this shit!
Scotty, where are you going?
You don't got to leave, man.
Sorry about this, guys.
Why don't you head inside and grab a drink?
Marguerite, free peanuts for everybody until this banging stops! fuck.
Son of a bitch!
Bubbs! Is this for fucking real?
Oh, it's for real.
And he'd better gear down or he's going to break her hips.
Ricky, are you all right in there?
Yes! All good, buddy!
Just watching... a movie... with Lucy.
Watching a movie? Must be watching
"Return of the fuck Machine".
Ricky, close your window! You're scaring away my customers!
My window's jammed!
I can't really talk right now, Julian. Sorry, buddy.
Grab your guitar, get up on stage, drown this out.
The Shitrockers aren't here till later.
I can't drown that out on my own.
Yeah-h-h! Get out here right now, Ricky!
You almost killed Cory and turned him into a friggin' zombie!
Why don't you fuck off, Randy!
I'm kind of busy at the moment! fuck yourself!
Lucy? Is that you?
Are you in there banging?
Oh, God, you're back from jail!
How was it?
It sucked.
What are you...
What are you doing and where are you... staying?
Seriously, Luce? Right now?
Um, I thought maybe I could stay with you for a bit just, like, till I get my shit together or whatever.
No fucking way!
Ricky, you can't be getting my employees stoned!
I can't run the park with you interfering all the friggin' time!
Are you fucked in the head, Randy?
I'm fucking busy here!
Don't stop, don't stop...
Oh, my God!
Lucy, that's gross! fuck, I'm so glad to be home.
Hi, Sarah.
Hi, Bubbles.
Ricky, get the frig out here right now!
The pants are coming off!
My pants are already fucking off, you son of a bitch!
You want a fucking piece of me?
Why don't you fuck off, let the man do his banging?
Frig off, Bubbles.
Frig off? You frig off.
You frig off!
This is official park business.
I'm trying to do my job.
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
Can everybody please shut the fuck up?
I can't concentrate, and things are going soft on me in here!
Thanks a lot!
There you go, Randy. Now he's losing his wood. That's 'cause of you!
It's not my fault!
That's you, right there!
Frig off!
Randy, do up your pants.
My customers don't need to be seeing this shit!
You fucking little dirty grandmother!
Stop stepping on my toes, Julian.
Stepping on your toes?
Who the fuck do you think you're talking...
Holy fuck! The wall collapsed!
Jesus fucking Christ!
Lucy, are you okay?
Oh, my God! Lucy, are you under there?
Yeah, she's fucking under here!
She's... She's stuck!
Lucy, I'm trying to move my hips.
Hold on. Are you okay?
I can't move my mouth!
I told you you should fucking come outside, Ricky.
Randy, get the fuck over...
Come on up close,
I'll beat your fucking teeth in, you fucking idiot! fuck! Bubbs, we gotta get in and get this shit of them.
Get it off me!
Julian... Just wait, Ricky!
The whole fucking could come down!
She's load-bearing.
She's pinned.
Call    , Randy.
Do something! fucking useless bitch!
Go... soft!
Lucy, I'm trying but it still feels good.
Stop making it feel good!
I can't move my mouth!
Okay, just hold tight, Ricky.
They're here.
Thanks for coming, guys. I'm
Randy, trailer park supervisor.
Right back here!
Here. Hurry up!
My friend's trapped under the trailer. Go!
Come on, we've got a structural breach.
Somebody's pinned.
Hey, guys. Thanks for coming.
Thanks for all the stuff you do, getting cats out of trees and all the calendars and stuff.
What happened here?
Well, we were going through some old family photo albums and she kind of tripped and now her... jaws of life are stuck on my little... you know, whatever you want to fucking call it here.
I've been doing this job for a long time... and I've never experienced anything like this situation before.
I mean, yeah, it was... a little embarrassing.
Like, I just had a building fall on top of me and the firefighters were taking forever, and Ricky was like...
You know, and...
And mostly because the firefighter was a guy I used to bang and I didn't want Ricky to find out about it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Can I help you?
Randy! How are you?
Hi, Randy.
Good. What's going on?
Where are you going? Good.
Oh, we're just heading down to see
Julian for just a little sec.
Sorry, can't let you in.
Only residents.
New park policy.
What? That's the new park policy, eh?
Oh, my God.
Well, we definitely have to see Julian.
So, what do you think, Candy? What...
I think we strip you fucking buck-naked,
I strap you down on the fucking roof of my pussy-wagon and I drive around this park with your fucking little wiener swinging in the wind!
And Randy, I fucking know it's small!
It's fucking ridiculous!
Frig off. You're not getting in.
I'm closing the gate.
We're fucking going.
Hit it!
Hey! You come back here!
You come back here!
All right, Cory, let me try this a different way.
How in the fuck does your little body fucking feel right now?
What do you fucking feel in your fucking body?
Well, it's like spiders and ants and tingly and stuff.
Okay, spiders and ants.
That's the kind of shit I need to fucking know right now.
You feel like you've got spiders and ants in you?
All over me, too, dude.
On a scale of   to   , how fucking tired are you?
Cory, you can't go right to thirty-fucking-four.
That doesn't even give you a relative... you know... I'm going to have to cut way back on the fucking indica and up the sativa.
I need something with energy.
You know what we should try?
Some fucking Sudy-feds.
That doesn't have energy in it, Ricky.
You can't start jamming Sudafed...
Boys, just shut the fuck up for a second, Ricky.
Here, you've got to counterbalance the weed with liquor.
Gulp that down, plug your nose.
That's not going to work.
Dude, that's, like, rum.
Straight and shit!
It's not tequila, dumb-ass.
Just gulp the shit down.
Hey, boys. Are you going to pound us or what?
I need to get poked.
Just give minutes, okay?
Baby, you said three hours ago!
I'm horny!
We're fucking busy, dummies. Okay?
Come on, it'll be quick.
Quick? There's two of you.
It's never quick when there's two of yous.
Fine. Okay.
If you need us, we'll be in the bedroom, banging each other without you.
Julian, just send me in. I can take care of these ladies.
Aww! I don't think someone like you can handle us, Bubbles.
Girls, Cory can't feel his fucking legs.
I'll be minutes, okay?
What does she mean, someone like me couldn't handle them?
What does that mean,
"someone like me"?
Hey, boys!
Oh, my fuck...
Barb, did you join a fucking bike gung or something?
Hey, Barb, Donna!
Candy. Candy. What can
I do for you guys?
Well, first of all, you can... wipe that smug little grin off your pretty little face.
And second, you can... have a quick gander at that.
I, uh, I'm contesting your purchase of the park.
Court's in    days.
I'm not...
What the fuck is this shit? I...
My company bought the park fair and square, Barb.
Oh, what? Your...
Your company that doesn't technically exist?
And Jim signing the documents while he's soaking in a tub of liquor? I...
I don't know, but I don't think that's legal.
Look, I don't know what you think you're going to fucking accomplish by taking me to court but maybe we can talk about this some other time.
I suggest you take your fucking mitts off my woman before I Babe Ruth your head right off your motherfucking shoulders!
Okay, fuck off, all right?
Listen, I'll take you both on.
And still have a hand left over to fucking rub one out!
What are we going to do? fucking fight?
You're a chick.
We don't fight chicks.
You don't fight chicks? I'll fucking fight you right now. Let's go! fucking pretty boy!
Pussies! Yeah, you're a fucking pussy!
Ten sexy days, Julian.
I hope you don't mind, boys.
We're taking the fucking booze too.
Hey, hey, hey, give me the fucking booze!
Give me that!
And get out of here.
Here, you can stick this one up
Randy's arse. Go fuck yourself!
You're fucked.
Did that really just happen, or did I take a bunch more mushrooms and I forgot I took them?
What the fuck are we going to do about this?
This is nothing, man.
Don't worry about it.
We're all right. It's nothing.
It is not nothing, it's something. It's nothing, Bubbs.
This is nothing! fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off.
All those years I was trying to find a little bit of peace, and who would have knowed it was right here just down the road?
Do I miss Sunnyvale?
Not on your life, bud.
Not Ricky and
Still get me pissed off when I think of them!
But hey... I have a new life now.
Randy and I, well, we're taking a little bit of a break for a while, and...
Julian... no more of that fucking confusion.
You know, you're wondering whether I'm still "the liquor".
No. Guess what?
I'm on top of the liquor.
I am the monkey in charge of bananas.
What's my secret?
This little device right here.
I just take a little blow... and it tells me when it's time for a little top-up.
Because when I first got this,
I used to ride it around  .  , which is fucking wasted,   / .
But now I leave it at  .  , which is perfect.
It's right in the fucking slot, just past the click, that wonderful moment... just like Julian;
I'm sober enough to know what I'm doing and I'm drunk enough to really enjoy doing it.
Oh! Look at that!
.  . Time for a little
Cheers, genitals.
So Barb Lahey just got out of jail and she dropped this off to me.
She says she wants the park back and there's a court date in    days.
She's filing a... whatever the fuck that is.
Yeah, like, we're fucked.
That gutter slut!
All right, we might not be fucked.
I might be able to do something here but I need to stall that annoying quiff.
So there's hope, then?
There's always hope.
If you've got the money to pay for hope.
Now I'm going to need a retainer.
Now, let's say, I don't know, a grand to start.
And I want to keep this clean, all right?
Full disclosure.
That milk-drinking curdbag tried to hire me already but I-I want to represent you guys in this thing, okay?
But I need to fight fire with money.
Now that is just how it works, all right?
All right. Okay.
Give us a day.
We'll have your thousand bucks.
Let's go, boys.
Great! Talk to you later, boys.
Thanks, man.
All right!
We gotta swing by the whore wash on the way back, boys, and pick up
Lucy's car.
Come on, boys, it's only a thousand bucks.
We barely have to break the fucking law to come up with that.
Break the fucking law? Why do we got to do that, man?
Just take it out of your fucking bar.
Rick, everybody has a fucking bar tab.
Nobody's paying me lot fees.
Including you two dicks.
Why am I a fucking dick now?
Bubbs, you must have something saved up.
Julian, I've got bucks on me and about    in the bank.
That's it.
Okay, that's a start.
What about you, Rick?
You're always as busy as fuck.
You only take cash. What are you doing with all your money?
We've got a bit of money saved up.
It's for fucking
Trinity's wedding, man.
I can't spend it on this shit. fucking Lucy'd beat the tits right off me.
Okay, it's final, then.
We're doing fucking jobs.
No, we're not. No fucking jobs.
No way.
Well, I'm definitely not doing fucking jobs if he's not fucking doing them.
"I'm definitely not doing jobs if he's not doing fucking jobs!"
Oh, fuck off!
No, you fuck off!
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
It's under there by that fucking bag!
Watch out! Ricky, look out!
Look out!
Jesus Christ!
Oh, fuck off! I dropped my fucking joint!
Don't look at me like that, you fucking bitch.
Jesus Christ!
Well, fuck! She started it.
It wasn't my fucking fault.
Just here.
Let me out here.
I've got to get some cat food. I'll meet you guys back at the park.
You think about what I said, because you and your cats are going to be fucking homeless, Bubbs.
This is so fucked!
You're right, it is so fucked!
I'll get Randy collecting lot fees.
Hopefully we'll be able to come up with most of the money that way.
But if not, man, you've got to help me out with the rest of it.
I'm not doing this by myself.
I heard you were back.
How was Mexico?
Yo, it was more like Sexico, dawg.
Non-stop for a month.
We was hittin' it and quittin' it, hittin' it and quittin' it!
It was all that.
Randecko, pardon my mann-ors.
I would like for you to meet the love of my life.
This is Marsha.
Couldn't you just fall in love with him?
So beautiful. I like it, so
I had to put a ring on him.
Do you know what I'm saying to your face?
Why are you talking so weird, J-Roc?
Why are you talking all so weird, Randy?
I'm not talking weird.
Well, open the gate so I can see my son.
What are you saying?
Open the gate!
The gate? Okay... Open the gate!
Thanks for the burrito.
Small brain, big stomache.
Yo-o-o-o-o, dudes!
What's up?
Man, how was Mexico, man? I bet you the nachos were awesome down there, man!
Ridiculous... Man, nachos are the same everywhere, Cory.
What's wrong with you?
What up, hah?
What's up, dad?
Pour some sugar on me witcha candy.
How was Cancun, dawg?
Good, but I missed a mahfucker, tell you that right quick.
What'd you bring me back, B?
I brought you back something very special.
The gift of a happy life.
Who's this Mexic-ho?
This Marsha.
Your new mudders.
Together we'll be a happy family, hi-ay.
Hold up. Show me that smile again.
I already have a mom. She dumps like a truck, remember?
It's okay. It's a lot to wrap your mind around again.
You take your time, okay?
We'll be heres.
Y'all gonna be waiting a while 'cause y'all crazy.
He will grow on your face.
That's nice.
Let's go inside.
Aghh! Peanut butter balls!
Hurry up, you Popsicle- eating hippopotamus! fuck, you're dumbly stupid!
Hey, guys.
Jesus Christ, Randy!
When was the last time you took a shower?
You smell like a dead sea otter's ballsack!
Sorry, Ricky! You...
Sorry I don't have frigging time to shower because I work so frigging hard! fucking idiot!
It's obvious that people don't have a clue how much I frigging work every day!
With no breaks!
Randy, I want you to go around and collect lot fees, okay?
There's people that are months behind, and we need cash fast.
Then we'll sit down and have a little talk about your feelings, okay?
I need some backup, Julian.
Ricky keeps taking Jacob to work at the Drug Store and you keep taking Cory to work at the night care centre.
I'm here, alone, working the gate. and collecting lot fees and I don't even have time to frigging whipper-snip, for frig's sake!
Not to mention make your dumb, stupid, little fucking stick crafts over there!
Those stick crafts are the only frigging thing that's keeping me sane!
Are you going to collect the fucking lot fees or am I going to fire you?
You know what, Julian?
Frig it!
Frig it. I tried to collect lot fees.
I've tried, and people just don't pay!
I tried... I even tried with force, Julian, and they just tell me to "F" off!
And then they move out of the park.
The park is half frigging empty, for frig's sakes!
You know what?
Frig it, Julian! I quit!
Whoa, boys, boys! fucking watch her!
You've got a bad fucking bearing on that wheel.
That thing could flip, you could get hurt.
Thanks for the tip.
What did you call me?
A nerd.
Are you going to fucking do something about it? Leave him alone, man.
He's retarded.
Who's retarded?
Made you flinch!
Did not.
All right.
Let's get out of here. Don't want to make the nerd cry.
Ha! fucking retard!
Horse cock! What are you talk...?
You're not going to quit!
Yes, I am! You're not a quitter!
Come on!
What do you want from me?
I want some respect, Julian. All right.
You got it. You know what?
You can even tell the people you're collecting money from that you're doing this as a personal favour to me.
How's that, bud?
Yeah, well,
I want a commission off the lot fees I collect too.
How about I give you a fucking commission off the tip of my cock?
Eight or nine percent. How about that?
Frig off, Ricky!
Randy, I know you didn't shove me...
What the fuck is all over you?
I'll take them off! No, you're not!
Enough! Boys!
Listen, how about
I take  % off the top and then give you two points of that.
All right?
Because we're friends.
Look, man, I really appreciate the... hard work you're doing for me, Randy.
All right?
Okay, Julian.
Deal. Let's hug on it.
What? fuck.
Some people shake hands.
I prefer hugs.
Come on, Julian.
You get them all the time.
I don't. that up there...
Jesus Christ.
All right, okay.
All right, that's good.
That's... That's good.
All right, open the fucking gate.
Oh, my fuck!
You got Popsicle all over Lucy's car, and it was just waxed! Wipe it up!
Wipe it up, Ricky! I'm opening the frigging gate. Ricky, just...
Oh, you want me to wipe it up?
I'll fucking wipe it up, but you're not going to be happy about it, bud.
Just get in the fucking car, Ricky.
Ricky! What the frig are you doing?
There you go, bud.
There's your fucking towel back.
Ricky, get in the car!
Ricky, get the fuck over here!
Frig off, Ricky!
What is wrong with your fucking brain?
We're fucking fighting real soon!
Get in the fucking car!
You be ready any time!
Ricky, get in the fucking car!
Me and you, fucking... man on fucking man on!
Keep him under control.
I will. Thanks, Randy.
Keep your fucking self under control, you slimy fuck!
Picked up a part-time job delivering flyers.
Keeps me in gin and groceries.
It's, uh... very easy and surprise... surprisingly satisfying.
Ha-ha! It's been a while!
What the heck!
Give us a hug!
Whoa, look at you!
Goodness. Hi, Donna, how are you doing?
Well, what a...
Who's this?
This is Candy.
She's sticky sweet and twice the lover that you ever were.
I see.
Nice to meet you, Candy. fucking right, it is.
Barb, uh... glad you've got a new friend, and I'm really happy to see you out of jail but, look, I... I better...
I better move along. I...
I've got to be delivering my flyers, Barb.
And, uh... good luck, ladies.
What's going on?
Well, you see,
Jim, my lawyer says I can get the park back.
Well, that's great, Barb!
I know!
Well, good luck on that.
Yeah, I...
Candy, please?
But the thing is, Jim, that I-I need your help, and I am not taking no for an answer.
I can't get involved.
I'm sorry.
Go get Jacob and collect some lot fees.
Yeah, right. What's in it for us?
Well, last time you said I was getting a Popsicle, you gave me half, dude.
No way.
I'll give you one full one each this time.
Can it be rainbow?
I don't have rainbow.
I have orange.
All right, that's cool.
I'll take orange, man.
Orange is all right. no one home but us cucarachas!
Come on, J-Roc.
Give me some lot fees.
It's pronounced
"Yay-Roc", Randees.
Randy, I do not have your lot fees.
Come on, it's a personal favour for Julian.
I do not have your lot fleas.
J-Roc, frig off! Come on! fuck off!
I'm on bottom!
Hey, Julian.
Can I talk to you for a minute in private, please?
I'm sorry, Bubbs, but he's with us right now, okay?
What's wrong?
I need to talk to you in private, please.
I'll see you guys in there.
Just start without me.
I'll just be a minute.
What's going on, bud?
I gotta ask you a question and I need you to be fucking straight up with me.
All right. What?
I don't want any bullshit.
And I don't want you candy-coating it.
I won't candy-coat
Am I a nerd?
No. Definitely not. Why?
Well, these fucking little punks were calling me names, and called me a nerd, and bullying me, and I started thinking, fuck, maybe I am a nerd and
I don't even know it.
Bubbs, fuck those guys.
You're one of the coolest people I know, man.
Are you kidding me? fuck, you can fix things, you can play the guitar.
The girls are always talking about how fucking cool you are.
Julian, time's up.
We're naked!
Look, man. Stop thinking like an idiot.
Just watch the place for
,    minutes for me?
? Half hour?
Sure, Julian. If you get tired and you need me to... tap in, just give me the nod.
I can get her going like a sewing machine.
What, you want to have an orgy with me and my girls now?
I'm just saying, if you need me in there, I can... get her going about miles an hour and I'm not a nerd,
I'm not afraid of orgies.
Oh, well!
If it isn't the little
Pecker-fuck Twins!
And what mystery are you two friggety fuckers trying to solve today?
Well, I guess that would be the case of the, uh, missing lot fees.
Yeah, nice. You owe us     bucks, dude.
Oh, don't have it.
How about a couple of hand jobs?
Wow, uh, we appreciate the offer, Marguerite, but Randy made it pretty clear we're supposed to collect actual money from people.
Listen, boys.
I've learned at my age that there's not much in this world that you can't suck or jerk your way out of.
So what will it be?
Hand job, or little mouth hugs?
Come on, let's get it on.
Yeah, we need to talk for a second.
Stay right there.
Don't... move. shit.
Dude, I'm... I'm down.
If you're down.
I'll do it for the bargain shit.
You know... I'm getting married, man, but, if you're down, you should go for it, dude.
It's not that I'm down, it's just, like, taking one for the team, dude.
I'm going. Yeah, man.
Okay, wait out here.
Hold this.
Back in a second.
Okay, I'm good.
Let's... Let's do it.
Oh, fuck! Dude!
She fucking tried to shank me with nail clippers! fuck, man!
Get the fuck off my property, you scurvy little
Ricky, there's easier ways to do this.
Well, if you've got some fucking ideas, I'd like to hear them.
You're good at this shit.
Get goodin' at it.
What the fuck's wrong with you today, anyway?
I'm just a little bit freaked out.
Some kids down at the store were calling me a nerd earlier.
Can you fucking believe that?
Yeah, a little bit,
I guess.
What do you mean?
Well, you do kind of look like a nerd.
I mean, you're not a nerd, you're a fucking cool guy, but you look like... one of those guys from, "Avengers of the Nerds" or whatever.
I look like a nerd?
Yeah, but you're not one.
You lust look like one.
You know, Ricky, if I look like one, then I am one.
That's how it works.
No, it's not.
Look at fucking Donnie.
He looks like a hornse.
He's not a fucking hornse.
Ricky, if you look like a nerd, that's what makes you a nerd.
That's the only thing required.
So I'm a fucking nerd!
You're not a fucking nerd, Bubbles.
That's not what I'm saying.
You look a bit like a nerd.
You're definitely not a fucking nerd.
You're a good guy.
Well, that's awesome, Ricky.
Thanks a lot, bud.
'Preciate that.
Right on, Bubbs.
I was being sarcastic!
What does that mean?
Unbelievable! I'm a fucking nerd!
You're not a fucking nerd!
You can't judge a cover of a book by its look!
That's what I'm saying.
You're not a fucking nerd!
Yeah. Thanks. fucking Jesus Christ!
What the heck's going on here?
Oh, Jim! Jim!
This is such a great little place that you have here!
Thanks for letting us stay, fuckface.
I didn't! Barb... you guys have got    seconds to get off my property!
Oh, come on, Jim!
It's only for    days until the court case!
Barb, I told you I didn't want to get involved in this.
And I told you that I wasn't going to take no for an answer.
Oh, my God, look at this, it's chicken!
Oh, my favourite.
Look, look, look...
That's my fucking chicken! Barbara!
Leave my fucking chicken alone! fucking make me, little man.
Look what are watching tonight: "Dances With Wolves"!
Give me that fucking... Oh, I just love his tight little pants! fuck off!
Give me my fucking chicken! fuck you! fuck...
Give me my fucking chicken!
Get off, get off...
Barb, you... you can get the fuck out of here!
You get the fuck out of here! This is my fucking place! I worked hard for...
Not any more, buddy! fuck off!
You little... fuck off! fuck off!
Ricky, get over here.
What the fuck do you want?
I'm here under the strict authority of Julian to come and collect lot fees.
Oh, yeah? Okay.
Yeah. It says you owe two months.
I want it in cash right now.
No problem. I've got lots of cash on me. fuck... oh, yeah, that's right.
I forgot about down here.
You put cash down your underwear?
Yeah. It's the best place to put it.
Frig off!
Two fucking months lot fees right there!
That's bullshit!
Yeah? You want the lot fees?
Suck them out of the tip of my cock.
How about that?
Would you frig off, Ricky!
Don't fucking touch me!
I've fucking had it with this shit!
Oh, you want to go?
Yeah, I'm going to go! I'm going right now.
I'd love to fucking go!
Boys! Would you guys break it up!
Randy, let go of him!
Smarten the fuck up, guys!
That's enough!
Julian, I came here to collect lot fees and Ricky rubbed his bag sweat all over my face and in my mouth, and asked me for oral sex!
I did not fucking ask you for oral sex.
I said if you want lot fees, you can suck them out of the tip of my cock.
There's a big difference.
I want the frigging money, Ricky!
Well, what are you going to do about it?
'Cause the only money I have is still right there! See?
Will you guys stop that?
Jesus, Ricky!
He didn't mean collect them from me, you fucking dummy!
Well, I kind of did, Rick.
What are you talking about?
We need money! The only money
I have is the wedding money. fucking everything else is tied up in inventory.
Give me the money, Ricky.
Pull up your fucking pants...
I want the money.
Pull up your pants and go and collect from someone else.
This is horse cock, Julian!
Your mother sucks horse cocks.
That's enough!
Frig off, Ricky!
Pull up those fucking pants.
I need my clipboard.
That's it!
Jesus Christ...
Ricky! Why?
See, Julian?
This is the shit
I deal with!
This isn't over, Ricky.
Yeah? We'll see about that. lot fees sucks!
Do some fucking work.
All right, so you want to do jobs then?
I can't.
I've got a fucking family to think about, I told you that.
Well, have fun packing up your entire family when we lose the park, bud.
Thank fuck I've just got to worry about myself, man.
Hey, you know what we going to do?
Tomorrow we're going to go to the park, set up a scrilla bucket, and spit like old times!
On the ones, the twos, eer-a what.
Nah. I've got a big test coming up.
Math ain't fucking around this term.
Well, I'll be inside watching TV with Marshie, know what I'm sayin'?
Holla at me you if you want... What, dawg?
When are you gonna forget that ho?
I know it's changed, you know what I'm sayin'?
I know thangs is different right now, you nah'mean?
Pound a taquito, dawg, and relax.
Take your time.
And get at me when you want to spit, hah?
I'm sorry, Luce.
I-I just can't right now.
Well, is it the neck brace?
I can take it off.
No, you look hot as fuck.
It's just...
I need to talk to you about something.
Okay, what?
Well, suppose there was this really awesome family of bears that lived in the Sunnywoods.
And everything was going really fucking good, and... the daddy bear just didn't want it to get fucked up.
But one day, this... muscle moose, a friend of the daddy bear, came and said he needed to borrow some money.
Daddy bear didn't really have any money, so the moose said,
"Well, can we do a job?", and the daddy bear was, like,
"Well, I don't want that to fuck my family up."
And the moose said,
"Well, if you don't, your family's going to have to move out of the Sunnywoods."
Well, why would they have to move out of the Sunnywoods?
Because there's this fucking butchy, bitchy beaver that used to own the woods, that might be coming back and taking the woods back over unless the bear and the moose can hire a lawyer to stop the butchy beaver from doing that.
In order to do that, they might have to do a job... you know.
And then the daddy bear's just sort of worried about what the mommy bear would think of the daddy bear if he does do the job with the muscle moose.
And this other friend... he was an owl actually.
The daddy bear just doesn't want to fuck things up with his family of bears right now and... he's just worried what the mommy bear might think, I guess.
I think that the mommy bear would probably be... fine with it, and think that the daddy bear was, like, the sweetest bear in the world.
Yeah, as long as there were a couple of... a few conditions were stuck to, sure.
And what would the conditions be?
Well, the first one would be that the daddy bear would have to promise to bang mommy bear really, really hard and put a baby bear inside of her.
I think the daddy bear could probably do that.
Yeah, you think he would?
What would be the other one?
Well, we can talk...
We can talk about this later, if you want to.
Well, let's go into the bear den and see what happens.
All right, let's go into that.
The dirty bear den.
This is un-fucking-
Hey, Julian.
How'd you make out?
Horribly. I haven't collected any lot fees.
Are you fucking kidding me?
People are being dicks!
Especially Marguerite.
She stabbed Cory with a pair of nail clippers!
Oh, well, he deserved it too, the little pecker flea.
All right, everybody listen up!
There's going to be no more credit for drinks!
Cash only.
If you owe me money, pay me now or you're not getting served...
Who the fuck comes to a bar without money?
Yo, yo, Julian.
So you're telling me that we have to pay, and we have to work?
Yes, you've got to pay for your drinks.
Well, you never paid us yet, so what's going on?
You're still not going to get free fucking drinks! Oh, fuck.
Come on, Roc Pile, we the fuck out of here.
Thanks, guys.
Wait, baby, are you saying you have no money?
Well, I've got to figure this shit out, it's...
Ooh, yeah, that's...
That's not going to work for us.
See you later. What, you're breaking up with me?
Love ya!
Miss ya!
And how the fuck am I supposed to pay lot fees if you cut off credit and everybody stops drinking here?
How the fuck am I going to pay wages when you're giving away all the drinks for free, Marguerite? fuck you, Julia! fuck you!
No more credit ever again!
What in the fuck?
Thanks a lot, Sunnyvale! Just trying to save the park here.
Thought someone might want to fucking help me out!
Oh, yeah? Well,
I thought you might suck my cock! fuck you, Donnie!
Oh, fuck you,
Hey, Bubbs. You in here, man?
I want to talk to...
What the fuck are you doing?
Just combing my hair, Ricky.
You look Leo DiCaprinardo, man, in that movie he did.
"Nightmare on Wolf Street".
Look at your hair!
That was a fucking good movie.
He was cool in that movie.
Holy fuck, thank God.
Can I have some of those fucking things?
Just be cool...
Jesus, Ricky, be cool!
Your ladder's not very strong, Bubbs.
Well, it is, if you use it like a fucking regular human would. fucking starving.
Listen, man.
I know I said it was fucked earlier.
I know you're going to think it's fucked, but there's a lot of shit going on right now and I'm pretty fucking stressed out, and...
Maybe we should do some jobs with Julian.
Let's do it.
Let's do it. I'm in.
Totally fucking in.
I'm cool, could do anything cool.
Cooler than cool, I am.
I don't know how this whole fucking tab thing got so fucked up.
$    in this one pad alone.
Two to go.
I guarantee you this is never going to fucking happen again!
Hoolian! I'm so happy to see your face.
I would like to introduce to your face, my wife Marsha.
Hola, Julian.
She's so beautiful. We would like some margaritas for the senoritas, please, so we can celebrate.
J, what the fuck are you talking like that?
Julian, such a kidd-ors.
We would like some drinks. Yeah?
Well, I'd like some money. what happened to credit between friends?
We're going through a bit of a tough time.
Yeah, you take the good.
You take the bad.
You take them both, OK?
Look, I don't mean to be a dick here, right?
But you got no cash-o, you get no drink-os.
So you may as well get the fuck out-o.
I feel like you punch me in the feelings.
You will not disrespect my beautiful wife to her face.
Marsha, would you excuse me for a moment, please?
Daddy has some work.
Ain't that some shit, dawg? Yeah, man.
Met that shorty down in Mexico.
She feelin' me too.
Good for you.
Man, she thinks he's Spanish, dawg.
Well, at first she was like, "I ain't down with black, hard mah-fuckas like you" and I was, like,
"Aight then, what if I brown it down right quick?"
That's why I talk... ...like this.
Sayin'? But she can't even understand English? J-Roc...
Kinda. She knows some.
I mean, she's in the SSSL.
SSSL? What the fuck is that?
Seventies Sitcoms as a Second Language, dawg.
Hey, check this out, dawg.
They used to watch, like,
"Emergency" and some shit on a tiny TV, like a  -inch, you know what I'm sayin'?
J-Roc, J-Roc...
I've had a very, very bad day, okay?
So, if you don't have any cash, you can't get any drinks.
So get the fuck out.
Hey, Randy!
Hey, Randers!
Mr. Lahey?
What's going on, Mr.
Lahey? Hi, bud.
I like your new look.
Thanks a lot.
What are you doing here?
Listen, I need your help.
Oh, I might be able to help you.
What's going on?
Barb and this great big lady and that thing that you were going out with last year, they... fucking came in and just took over my trailer!
I need your help getting them out.
I don't know if I could do that, Mr. Lahey.
Randy, what are you going to do in    days when Barb fires you, huh?
Julian won't let that happen.
J... What's Julian...
Wait a sec. Don't tell me. fucking know!
I don't want anything to do with anything around here, Randy!
I just need your fucking help, bud!
Please. I'm not frigging helping,
I'm staying out of this, Mr. Lahey, and I'm tired of dealing with you when you're drunk.
I can smell the liquor on your breath. Randy!
I'm not drunk, Randy!
Look, watch this.
You're pacing yourself?
I'm right in the pocket, bud.
Will you help me?
I'm sorry, Mr. Lahey. I mean, I don't think I can.
Last time we said we were going to take a break and work on ourselves...
Mr. Lahey, I'm not going to do it.
Handle it yourself.
That's all right.
I'm used to being alone, bud.
Good luck to you.
Good luck to the new super fucking trailer park supervisor!
Wishing I had a drink, you know what I'm sayin'?
Why are you so fucking irritating all the time?
What, fucking Lenny and Squiggy bothering you too, dawg?
Or just us?
What the fuck did you say to me, J-Roc? Huh?
Bubbs... Bubbs... What the fuck did you say?
Calm down, man.
Pump the brakes,
Don't gotta act so...
You pump the brakes there,
Crest Whitestrips!
Let's go, Julian.
We're doing some jobs.
What? Ricky: That's right?
We're fucking in.
No fucking way!
We're fucking in too, then, you nah'mean?
Yeah, we want in.
We're down with jobs.
Pour some liquor. We need to make some scrilla.
Pour some liquor.
You got any money?
Put it on my tab!
All right.
Even better.
Well, just take it easy now. fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Oh, fuck!
Holy fuck! fucking, goddamn ragtail shitrats!
What the fuck are you looking at?
You find this amusing?
This is fucking ridiculous!
Show me some fucking love, will you, please?
Oh, perfect.
I'm down half a pint.
I'm going to need a little liquid courage.
I fucking work too goddamn hard, let a couple of selfish fucking priss... priss birds come and swoop in and take all this away! Barb!
Barb! It's gone on too fucking long!
I want you and all your shit out of here now or else!
Or else what, Jimbo?
What are you going to do, come in here and beat us all up?
Yeah, an ex-cop beating women!
I can see the headlines now.
Yeah, one of you isn't even really a woman!
You better watch your goddamn mouth or I'll choke your meat whistle until it pukes!
B... Barb! Come on!
Come on out and have a civil conversation.
Show a little compassion for my situation here, would you please?
Is that enough compassion for you?
Would you fuck the fuck off, fucker?
Don't make me hurt you.
You're fucking old, frail, and fucking drunk!
Strength! Strength!
Strength! Strength! fucking asshole. goddamn liar!
So we're really going to do this in broad daylight, are we? Yup.
Because people think no-one's dumb enough to do it in broad daylight, but guess what?
I am.
What are the other boys saying?
They're totally down.
They're going to meet us there with truck.
All right.
You guys ready to go?
Don't be fucking teasing him.
Hey, man. Who are you trying to be, Biker Fonzie?
I'm not trying to be fucking Fonzie.
Fonzie was a pussy. What are you laughing at?
Nothing, I was just...
That... looks like a bit of a cock.
I was just laughing at that maybe.
I think it looks tough, man.
It does look tough.
You sure you're okay?
You sure you should be doing this with us?
Why shouldn't I,
I like doing illegal stuff.
As much as the next guy.
Give me a fucking gun.
Let's get 'er going.
Do you want a gun? I'll give you my back-up.
You don't need a gun!
Why not? I... Give me that fucking...
Give me the fucking gun!
You're not taking a gun!
I'm saying I would.
Shotgun, motherfuckers!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You've got to be fucking kidding me!
No, we're part of this job.
Yeah, we're the brains of the operation.
Didn't Ricky tell you?
What the fuck is going on here?
They're not coming with us!
This is the deal, Julian.
Either Lucy goes or I don't go.
This is the only way I can fucking do this, man.
And Lucy's the kind, you know, she's good at problem-solving.
I think we need her. fuck, there's going to be too many of us.
They have no experience doing this shit.
But I love Lucy, and Lucy wants
Sarah to come.
So, unless they go, then I can't go.
I know it's fucked, but love it or like it.
He's talking at two different levels...
I know what he's doing, Bubbs.
You girls ready to break the law?
Yeah, fucking right!
Well, let's fucking do this!
What, I'm in the back seat?
Are you fucking kidding me?
You can get in the trunk if you want.
Back seat's cool.
The back seat's where I always sit.
It's where the cool people hang out.
Hey, man.
Talk to you right quick?
I know that, like, we was going to the park today, you know m'saying, and spit some shit, show Marsha how we do.
But some work shit came up, y'know I'm saying?
Can't make it today.
I ain't give a fuck.
Midterm's coming up and I want my science game tight.
No need to act so hard.
Know I'm saying?
How about you and Marsha go to the park and start... and I'll join you all sluts when I'm done.
And quit fucking with the science bogish.
I am not going to the park with that red pepper bitch. fuck that.
I know you want to watch your mouth, dawg.
Marsha's dope.
If you gave her a chance you would know that.
Dad, you choosing her over me, talking with that gringo accent? shit's wack, man.
Hey, Flurry.
What's up, now?
Straight up chillin', gettin' my biology on.
Oh, word?
You dissecting fetal pigs and shit?
Dope, fam.
Are we movin' on up?
See? She ain't my family.
You and T are my family.
If you leave me up in here with that bitch,
I'm bouncing. fuck that.
Where is the beef?
Bonita, okay?
Don't worry, I'll take you with me on the job.
You don't have to give a fuck, y'know I'm sayin'?
But she could use a bit of support!
As could I.
Hey, Flurry.
Hey, Flurry.
You can't blame your old man for trying to take a dicking, you know what
I'm saying?
People think that when you're trying to steal, you're supposed to do it at night and wear masks and shit. fuck that! Broad daylight, a few pylons, worker vests... it's easy.
This job is fucking lame, but it's good money.
Right on, Julian, it's got to be     ,      bucks worth of bikes here, man.
At least, man.
All right, boys, give me a hand.
It's going to take all of us to lift this fucking thing up.
Uh, Ricky, why don't you use the tow winch?
That's what it's for.
Why don't you fucking... stop sounding so fucking dumb?
You're just pissy 'cause she had the idea before you did.
Cops! Easy, Ricky.
They're not cops, just fucking campus dicks!
Hey, guys.
Hey, how are you doing?
Good. What's, uh, what's going on here?
Just doing our fucking jobs.
What the fuck you guys doing?
Wait, what job?
Swapping out the bike racks.
With bikes still on them?
Yes, with fucking bikes still on them.
What do you want us to do?
Track down every owner around all these fucking stupid classrooms, try to find them?
Think about that. This is the old model    .
There's lead and
"asbestosos" in them and...
It was supposed to be done two years ago.
You didn't hear about this?
These are really, really fucking dangerous.
Oh, shit, no. I haven't heard anything about that. Have you?
No. We can check with Danny, though.
Yeah, yeah, check with Danny.
Who's Danny, your fucking boss?
Yeah. Yeah.
Danny Danny? Oh, my fuck!
I used to run the whole fucking show here.
Danny worked for me.
Bit of a fucking idiot, if you ask me, but...
Anyway, check with him if you want.
It just means I'm going to have to fill out a ton of paperwork.
He's probably going to make you guys fill out paperwork all fucking day, if you want to do that.
Go ahead, I guess.
It's just...
I was hoping to get this done before more people die of the poisoning.
Does Danny let you guys smoke hash?
Hey, big guy!
Barb. Donna.
Oh, you remember my friend Candy from jail?
Now, Randy, I, uh,
I need your help with something.
You know that I'm taking
Julian to court, right?
Well, I need you to testify that, uh, Jim was wasted when he signed over the park.
I can't do that. I work for Julian now.
You know, Randy, it's no secret that
I never liked you.
The feeling's mutual, Barb.
Yeah? Well, I'm going to win this case and you are going to testify.
So we can do this the easy way or we can do it the, um, the not-so-nice way.
Well, I'm not doing it.
So what's the not-so-nice way?
Ah! Frig off!
Ahhhh! Let go!
So, um... so, I tell you what.
You have a little bit of a think about that and get back to me, okay?
See ya.
See ya.
I actually got some good hash on me right now.
I'll give that to you. Sure.
Yeah, try that out.
So are we good here? 'Cause I'd like to get this done fast.
We should have these bikes back right on a new rack...
,    minutes.
Something like that.
Yeah, I'm going to paint it orange too.
It's going to look a lot better than the black. Oh, nice.
The black's kind of lame, yeah.
Yeah. We all good? Want to... smoke this with me?
I could probably... yeah... probably have a little blast. Yeah?
Let us get these loaded and we'll...
Where do you guys smoke around here?
Just over there somewhere?
We've got to do some more rounds, but then it's... it's just behind the library over there..
There's a couple of spots.
All right, we'll meet you there in  ,    minutes, something like that. Awesome, guys.
Sounds good.
Tell, uh, tell
Danny I said hi.
Randy Lahey. Nice to meet you guys.
Yeah, nice to meet you too.
All right.
Nice to meet you, Randy. Okay.
See you in a bit.
See you in, like,
Sounds good.
Thanks for the hash, man.
Thanks, guys.
All right. Thanks a lot.
Thanks, guys.
Wow. fucking idiots.
All right, boys, let's get these loaded...
Swap them out for the new ones.
Mr. Lahey!
Why did you sic Barb and those bitches on me?
Thanks a lot.
They attacked me.
Oh! Did they, Randy?
Well, big fucking deal!
I didn't sic those shit-witches on you, Randy, and I don't fucking appreciate your tone.
So why don't you just fuck off and leave me alone?
Oh yeah? Well, maybe I will then.
You know, I just thought that you cared about me enough not to drag me into this shit-mess!
Thanks a lot. Why don't you have another drink, Mr. Lahey?
I'm not drunk.
I'm just...
I'm sorry.
I'm under a lot of pressure right now.
Randy... this used to be my sanctuary.
I was happy here, Randy, it was almost perfect.
But I'm being destroyed, bud.
I was... I was like a beautiful little buttercup floating down a heavenly, peaceful stream.
Not a care in the world, Randers.
Then all of a sudden, out of nowhere, this... three-tiered shit-dyke appeared and blocked my way and my... and my peaceful little journey down the stream came to an abrupt and shitty end. what did they do to you?
It's horrible,
Mr. Lahey.
I... I was so afraid and felt so helpless.
Oh, Randy, let me use some of this wonderful healing cream.
Thanks, Mr. Lahey.
Doesn't that feel good, bud?
Look, that'll take away some of the... some of the bruising.
It's... ohhhhh...
Feel good, bud?
Think we should stop, Mr. Lahey?
Maybe you're right, Randy.
Don't let them ruin this for you, Mr.
You've got to get back to floating down that nice stream.
See you, Randers.
Hey, Frank, what's cracking, man?
Do you want some hot bikes, dawg?
Oh, whoa!
Oh... titanic fucking idiots!
You bring this shit here with... fucking cameras and people watching?
Man, be cool, be cool!
They with us, man.
Cool. You know what?
Tell you what... fuck off, okay?
I ain't interested, okay?
Ain't interested, don't want to hear it.
I feel you, dawg.
Do you want us to bring this stolen shit... fuck, that's...
That's smart though, dawg.
That is smart, yeah.
That is smart, dawg.
That way, coppers won't see it, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Tyrone, I understand where he's coming from.
He smokes a bale of weed a day. Obviously.
Total banana-head.
But every once in a while they stumble across something that makes me money.
So I do business with them.
They're fucking idiots, though, to be honest with you.
T, here's what
I'm saying, dawg.
What's up, I'm listening.
Less than two grand, we gonna walk, aight?
I'm telling you right now, these cheap motherfuckers only gonna give us $    , tops.
And who do we have here?
That's that appraiser mafk from the park with his bearded
Barbapapa ass.
That is him too, ain't it? I know.
Mahfuck, he like to eat.
I'll sell you back to the circus, you fucking elephant.
Would you do your job here?
Give me an appraisal.
I would say to     .
I'll give you for the lot.
$   ! Are you crazy?
Frankie, you clowning, dawg!
It's got to be...
Them shits is worth
$    each, dawg.
Look at these rust butts... air wire suspension, dawg, and a gel seat.
Who'd this belong to, Dorothy?
We'll throw in the basket, dawg, don't worry about that shit.
The rack's included too...
Look, I'll go $   ...
I'll go $ and that's it!
Imma call my mahfucker.
Imma tell you right now, for free, dawg, he ain't going for $   .
Hey, Julian, get this, dawg.
Call him.
F-word talking about $   . Ha-ha!
Can you go any higher?
That's what he said.
Yeah. Two fucking fucking doughnuts?
Oh, you think that's funny, dawg?
$    and
That's what he talking 'bout.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Just take it.
Jesus Christ!
Well... looks like we need another
$   , boys.
You got $ for the bikes?
$   .
What the fuck?
We can't do any more of that bike shit.
That's ridiculous.
Hey, I can hook up.
Get some parking get some money there.
We're not dealing with fucking change.
Laundromats, maybe?
Me and Cory roll the change out of them.
That wouldn't be a problem.
I said we're not fucking dealing with change!
Well, it looks like we have no choice.
We're going to need two turnips in heat.
"Two turnips in heat"?
What the fuck are you talking about?
That's what people say.
When things get fucked, you need two turnips in heat.
I don't know really what it means.
I guess... cooks them or gets them expanded... it takes the fucking turnips to hold on...
No, Ricky... Have you never heard this?
Ricky, it's
"turn up the heat".
No, I've heard that, but this is "two turnips in heat."
It's different.
No, it's not, Ricky.
You've got it mixed up, bud.
It's "turn up the heat".
That's what they fucking say when you're in a fucked-up situation, you need to get two turnips in heat.
No. It's not two turnips in heat!
What is it, then?
Turn up the heat!
No, you would turn the fucking heat up to get the turnips cooked...!
Why, man?
Why are you trying to fucking cook turnips? Ricky...
How do you cook turnips, boys?
How? I don't...
It doesn't matter how! You cook turnips with heat, Ricky.
There's nobody disagreeing with that, but the expression doesn't involve turnips at all!
Maybe you haven't heard it.
Maybe you haven't heard...
Nobody's heard it!
Turnips are a whole different fucking animal, aren't they?
Turnips are fucking vegetables, Ricky!
Well, whatever they are, they cook differently from everything else, and, if you can get them fucking cooked or heated up, then you're going to figure everything...
Yeah, Ricky, look...
I can't listen to this...!
If you can figure that out...
Ricky, look at me!
What? Turnips aren't involved in the expression.
Well, that's just your fucking opinion, isn't it?
Anyway, if I think about two turnips and get them to with heat... when you turn up the heat to get the fucking turnips in heat...
I think about breaking into houses with fucking alarm systems.
That's what we need to do. It's easy money.
Me and the old man used to do it.
Break into houses with alarm systems?
What are you talking about?
Well, if you've got a fucking alarm, those little stickers that say, "Hey, look at all my fucking awesome stuff in here!"
That's what you want to look for...
Yeah, but Ricky, then when the alarm starts fucking blaring, it's also saying, "Hey,
I'm getting robbed!
Police, get here quickly please!"
But boys, if we have enough hands...
You break in, you fucking smash the door in, pick the lock, whatever, you've got five, ten minutes before the cops show up.
Cops are fucking slow and dumb, remember that.
So we go in, grab as much shit as we can, we're gone before the fucking cops come.
It's easy.
Okay, all right.
Unless anybody has a better idea, let's fucking do it.
So just like that, that's the fucking plan now?
Break into houses with alarms?
What else are we going to do, Bubbs?
What the fuck else are we going to do?
Yeah, Mr. Turn Up
The fucking Heat!
Never heard the real expression.
I'll get Lucy and Sarah then.
No, Lucy And Sarah aren't coming on this job.
Why? They're fucking useless, Ricky!
They've got hands.
It doesn't matter!
Cory and fucking
Jacob have hands!
Their hands are fucking dumb though, aren't they?
You're fucking dumb!
Julian, I need to borrow some ice!
What the fuck happened to your tits, Randy?
Why the fuck are your nipples purple?
I don't want to frigging talk about it, Ricky.
You hooked the fucking vacuum cleaner up to them again, didn't you?
I did not! where's your ice?
It's back there.
Just leave two bucks there, ice up your tits, get back at the fucking gate.
Let's go, boys.
You look like you're on
"Wild Kingdom", Randy.
The purple-titted
Jesus Christos, mahfucker's late every time.
The clutch is sticking ju know what
I'm saying?
Yo, man, you need to drop that fake accent, man.
That shit is whack and people are starting to talk about it.
What you sayin', dawg?
Marsha ain't down with non-Spanish-ass mahfs, you know I'm sayin'?
What am I supposed to do, lose the best thing that ever happened to me in my lifes?
That's the best thing that ever happened to you, man?
Let me tell you something real quick, dawg.
MC Flurry's the best thing that ever happened to a mafk.
That little meefk, he need a muhfucker right about now, you what I'm sayin'?
Hos, they come and go, but your boy your boy for life, s'all I'm sayin'.
I hear you, dawg, but why the fuck do you think
I'm doing all this, you know'm sayin'?
I want to provide a picture-perfect liz-ife, you know what I'm sayin', for that little-ass mafk.
Yeah, I feel you, but you're trying too hard, you know I'm sayin'?
This shit ain't real.
J-Roc is real and if it ain't broke, don't fix it is what
I'm sayin', dawg.
Feel me?
Back atcha,
But at the same time, that's what I'm up against, you know what
I'm sayin', right?
Crazy, dawg.
Are ju okay?
Yah, believe it or not,
I'm walking on the air.
Crazy, man.
Let's roll, man.
Let me open the door for you.
Oh... Ju have a lot to drink?
Too much Long Island iced tea.
Scooch over!
Hello? This is George Green from up the street looking for my dog.
Who is it?
For fuck's sakes...
Never mind!
Hello! This is Randy Lahey from up the street looking for my dog.
Just a minute.
Holy fuck, doesn't anybody work anymore?
This one's perfect, boys!
What y'all doing?
Playing chess.
Aight then.
Who dis?
Ay, I'm Mary.
Ay, what up, Mary?
Nuttin', sir.
Aight then, you don't have to call me sir.
Just sayin'. Call me
J to the R-O, huh!
Aight, then.
Hey, Flurry, you want to go to the park, spit    right quick?
No, I'm good.
Come on, dawg.
Keep up your rap you know I'm sayin'?
Be a man.
Yeah, and where would
I find an example of one of those
Flurry. Do your friend want to stay for suppers?
That's a great idea, Marsha!
Ju should stay for suppers.
No, I'm good.
I'm going to Mary's.
They got normal food up in there.
Not any of this burrito bull-ish.
Yeah! We're having sloppy joes.
I enjoy sloppy joes from time to time, but you will not disrespect your mother to her face.
Stay for her taquitos.
They are wonderful.
That skeez ho doesn't even know my name.
Mac Flurries. What's my name bitch?
Mac Flurries.
See? Told you.
Let's go. fuck this.
We got about three minutes tops to grab the most expensive shit you can carry, all right?
For fuck's sakes!
You guys ready?
Let do it. fucking stupid locks! fuck this!
Wait, boys. Maybe I should wait out here.
We need a lookout. Bubbles, you can't dress like that and be a pussy.
Come on, man.
We need all the hands we can get!
Come on, let's go!
You'll be fine, you'll be fine!
Here's a purse!
Whoa, look what I got!
Oh, I'm taking this shit.
I'm taking this... Cory, that's a fucking VCR, that's... three bucks!
Take something expe... fuck, cops, boys!
Let's go, everybody out!
Let's go! fuck! Let's go!
Oh, my fuck!
For fuck's sakes!
That wasn't three fucking minutes!
What are you talking about...?
Cory and Jacob, take all the stuff!
Go into the woods! Are you guys coming with us?
No, we're going to distract the cops.
You'll be fine.
Go, go, go! Go through there!
Go, go, go! All right... split up and pretend you're looking for my dog. fuck's sakes!
Show us your hands!
Calm the fuck down.
They're right here. The guys you want are out back.
They ran to the woods with a bunch of stuff from the fucking house there.
There's two guys.
One guy had a big gut, no shirt, purple tits.
The other guy's a bit older, head looked a bit like an onion, kind of bald... khaki clothes, and I think he may have pissed himself, to be honest.
Well, who are you?
What are you doing here?
Donnie Trevorson.
Looking for my dog.
Heard the alarms, came over to check it out.
What are they doing? It's a news team that's doing a story on all the dogs that are fucking running away.
I got a bunch of people here helping me look.
Boys, did you find anything? Any luck?
He's not over here.
Oh, yeah, there you go. See?
No, don't see him in the bushes or anywhere.
All right, well, thanks a lot, guys, for trying, for fuck's sakes. Well, what kind of a dog is he?
Actually, he's a rare golden Chinese... husky doodle
It's the only one in the... North of the Americas, to be honest.
Look, guys, we're on your fucking side here.
I tried to tackle the fat guy.
He slipped through my arms like a fucking oiled-up seal.
I just really need to find this fucking dog.
Please. Like, I love this thing more than anything.
It's fucking killing me right now.
Will you put out an APB on two B&E suspects running through the woods near Colby Village South.
One's a bigger guy, no shirt on, purple tits.
Uh, the other guy's wearing khaki clothes, bald, and may have pissed himself.
May have pissed himself.
He did, for sure.
Pissed himself.
And we also have a, uh, missing dog in the area.
A golden Chinese, uh, husky retriever doodle.
Owner's pretty upset. Over.
All right.   - .
Guys, thanks a lot.
It means a lot and... good luck with your stuff.
Hope it works out.
You too.
Love you guys.
Okay, guys, I guess the dog's not going to fucking come back.
We may as well just go home and take a break, have a couple of drinks... come back at some point.
Jesus Christ, Dad!
We were supposed to get married and now they're probably going to jail.
This is great! fucking great!
Well, they're probably too fucking dumb to go to jail.
I told you no fucking jobs without me.
I tried to fucking come and find you guys...
Oh, you tried to come and fucking find us, Ricky?
You couldn't have looked very hard.
We were here the whole time.
Now, if we'd been with you, this wouldn't have happened.
You know what, Ricky?
Even by your standards, this is fucked! For the love of Christ!
Just get the fuck out of here!
Oh, my God!
Just go!
Look, I ain't fucking sorry.
I did this because
I love this family.
I love what we have here.
I don't want to fucking move.
You're right.
I should have taken you with us. I fucked up.
But I love you both more than anything.
Please, can we try to move past this?
You know, Ricky,
I'm just trying to see if this is worth it.
This life, it's hard on the head.
What the fuck are you saying?
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
What that means is that if you break the law again...
I mean, anything... we're fucking done and you will lose this family forever.
Are we clear?
Crystal, yeah.
Okay, with that painting and depending on what was in those purses, we're looking at five or eight grand easy, man.
Five...! Julian.
You're fucking bananas,
I'm telling you.
I watched
"Storage Wars" marathons.
You're going to be lucky to get     bucks for that stuff.
Bubbs, that whole fucking...
That show's a setup, okay?
They don't know what the fuck they're talking about.
Well, they know more than this.
There's no way that's fucking five grand.
Hey, boys.
Hey, man.
Any word from those two fucking wood sluts?
Not yet. fuck's sakes.
Can't you fucking just ask me for a glass?
Because of those two mosquito-dick fruit bitches,
I almost fucking broked up with Lucy.
I promised never to break the law again.
Like ever, never fucking again!
Good times.
The good news is, we got more than enough money to pay Steinberg.
We don't know that yet.
You don't know that. We definitely have enough money.
I think your calculations are fucked.
What the fuck happened to you guys?
We were hiding in the woods with all the stuff and then there were dogs after us.
Uh, then we got attached by a flock of porcupines.
And we packed and ran.
Ok, where the fuck is all the stuff?
It's cool, man.
I hid it in the lake.
In the lake?
Like, underwater?
Yeah, man, but I had to think fast, you know what I'm saying?
So I put it there.
No one's going to check there though.
Oh, so the fucking are now underwater with all the stuff.
That's awesome, Cory.
Yeah, well, at least I know exactly where we left it.
You guys are fucking stupid! Do you know that?
Do you realize how fucking stupid you are?
I told you the fucking hams were dumb, and now they're fucking covered in "porcupic" feathers.
Stupid idiots. Think we're still look at fucking five grand, Julian?
Well, you know what this means, Rick?
We're going to have to use the wedding money.
Not a fucking chance.
Yeah, please, Julian. We can't use the wedding money.
You can't expect them to do that.
Okay then,
I give up.
I'm just going to sit here and get drunk, eat these shitty fucking pretzels and not worry about a thing, boys.
Have fun.
Let's fucking do it.
What are you talking about, give up?
You can't give up. You always figure things out.
Bubbs, Barb's going to come in here, take over the park;
We're going to have to move.
I mean, we're not going to find a better setup than what we have there, us living together.
I'm sure we can find something though.
A block away, maybe, or two.
What? It'll all work out, man. fuck it.
What are you talking about?
We can't...
We've got to figure it out somehow.
No, you guys got to figure it out,
'cause I don't give a fuck. let's just think about this. I mean...
You know I would never fucking ask you to do something with your wedding money normally, but...
Let's just think about this.
Maybe if it was just a short-term loan.
You know, I could promise you...
We could promise you to get it back right away.
I'll do whatever the fuck it takes, any kind of job.
Well, I can't break the fucking law anymore, you remember that?
Well... you won't have to.
We'll figure it out, maybe...
Julian, we could do something.
Couldn't we?
Probably could, yeah.
Of course, it would be, like, a short-term loan with interest.
With interest, fucking Jesus, boys.
I mean... I guess
I'll do it.
I love you guys.
I'm fucking trusting you.
Especially you,
I need this fucking money back right away.
Well, you'll get it.
Do not fuck me!
We'll get it back, won't we, Julian?
You'll get your money back.
Promise him.
I promise you.
Is that a deal?
We're all good?
Just one condition.
What? You've got to get rid of this getup, man.
You went from, like, being a really cool guy to trying to look cool.
Now you look like a fucking dick.
Why? I don't look like a dick.
I look like
Billy Idol.
You don't look like fucking Billy Idol.
You look like a dick.
Do I look like a dick?
Come on, Bubbs.
Lose it, Bubbs. fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Thanks, Dad. It was good.
Yeah, thanks, Dad.
Turning into Chef Boyarlee.
Hey, fuck off, Ricky!
You get one glass of juice like the rest of us, okay? fuck, Sarah.
I didn't mean to drink too much of the precious fucking orange juice!
Well, I'm just thinking about your grandson. What's he supposed to drink?
He's going to drink some fuck off juice.
Why don't you pour yourself a big glass and chug the whole fucking thing, you free boater!
Actually, you can have a glass then, Ricky.
Hey, guys. Rick, come on, everybody's waiting for you.
Where are you going with Julian, Rick?
Dad, you promised. Everybody calm the fuck down.
I'm just driving Julian down to see his lawyer, that's all. Yeah?
If you're just going to see his lawyer, what the fuck do you need this for? fuck are you guys up to?
Lucy, I told you I'm done.
I really am this time.
I actually freaked out Julian, told him off and said no more.
Didn't I, Julian?
You freaked out? Told him off and said no more, really? Yeah.
See? It's just going to be us now running this place as a family.
I'm so impressed you finally stood up to Julian.
That's amazing.
Big time.
I need you back as soon as possible.
I need you in that bedroom.
Okay, so tonight's   for pizza night at Pictou Pizza, so... family pizza night?
Yeah! Yeah! Sounds good.
Okay, well...
Can I have my gun back?
Oh, sorry.
Jesus Christ, Ricky!
What the fuck?
It was a fucking accident. It's only a gunshit. Calm the fuck down!
Well, you woke the baby up.
Give me that.
What are you doing with a loaded gun?
Come on.
Love you guys.
I can do $  for the truck and $  for the covered bridge.
Oh, the cock's cute.
How much do you want for the cock?
I'd have to charge
$   for my cock.
I put a lot of work into that one.
Thanks a lot.
Enjoy my cock.
I will.
Hey, Mr. Lahey.
You're turning into quite the little artiste, aren't you?
What's going on?
Well, I was... just thinking about your tender nipples and I, um...
I brought you the rest of the cream.
You're going to have to rub it in yourself this time, Randy.
That's really thoughtful.
Thanks a lot.
Of course.
So, I was wondering... if I could borrow our old berry picking tent.
You still got that thing?
Yeah, I've still got that. Good.
What do you need that for? You've got your camper down at the campground.
Oh, I was thinking of getting away, maybe going down to the lake and having a... you know...
Thinking of going away?
Down to the lake?
I know what you're doing, Mr. Lahey.
You're giving up.
Oh, Randy.
Well, guess what?
I'm not giving you that berry picking tent, the one that we spent so many nights in picking blueberries and cranberries and having fun.
No way.
I need it.
Don't let those... excuse my language...
Don't let those friggin' butchy frig-bitches frig you over like this!
It's not that simple,
Super Ran-man, honestly.
Yes it is, Mr. Lahey.
You know what? You're not the man you used to be.
The man you used to be wouldn't stand for this bullshit.
You need to grow a set.
Doesn't even look like a fucking lawyer's office.
It looks like Norman
Bates lives here.
Who the fuck's that?
He used to bang your mama.
Norman Bates didn't bang anybody's mama.
Made with love and
Poppa Karlsen's clean feet.
Now endorsed by...
Board of Health.
We have the Clooneys, the
Careys, the Lettermans, and new this week, the Buseys!
Biggest chompers on the market!
Any look you want we can do!
We pay cold hard cash for your gold teeth and any other gold you want to get rid of!
And   % discount
I'm Sam Loscarino, the Denture King, and I'm re-inventing the wheel with teeth!
Is that fucking for real?
I think so.
Now get in here, you ugly piss-shitters.
The Denture King is open to  :  , or  :  ,
Monday to Friday, except for days when it's not.
Ahh! Son of a cock helmet!
Ricky! What the fuck are you doing? fuck you, chair!
Sorry, it's an old chair. fucking asshole.
These chairs are fucked, man.
Yeah, well, uh,
I'll see what I can pick up later on.
Jesus Christ.
No, let's work some magic.
Ricky, just sit still!
It's just so lean-y.
I kn...
Everybody okay? Now do you want the good news first or do you want the kind of news that feels like a rhinoceros is fucking you up the poop-chute?
Ohh, Jesus...
Now the good news is,
I just delayed the trial by   , well    days.
Now... So what you just did there, that cost      bucks?
Mm-hmm. fucking ridiculous, isn't it?
But I don't make the rules.
Now the other news is, well, you're fucked.
That screeching banshee is going to win this case     %.
Wait. What the fuck is going on here?
We spent the wedding money and we're still going to lose? Yeah.
I can't get the image of a rhinoceros getting behind me with his big meat log out of my fucking head now. Bubbs, Bubbs, please.
Listen, man, don't sit there and say you can't do anything.
You always got a fucking angle.
All right, look.
There is a chance we could win this dirty, backstreet dumpster whore of a case.
But I'd have to bring in another lawyer.
Now I know the perfect S.O.B, but he isn't fucking cheap, okay?
Can you guarantee that we'd win?
Well, he's your best shot against that... filthy ditch pig!
So it looks like we've just got to come up with   or   grand.
That shouldn't be too fucking tough, boys. Oh, yeah, just pull   or   fucking grand out of the air! No problem.
And no fucking guarantee we're going to win anyway!
He said this guy was the fucking best.
What's our other option?
To give up?
Boys, all we've got to do is one simple little fucking job.
Oh, yeah. Here we fucking go.
What's the fucking job?
We're going to rob The
Denture King, tonight.
Denture King... He's got cash and gold, boys.
You know he's not fucking putting any money in the bank.
So we just walk in and rob fucking Captain Cave Sam and all the problems are solved?
You guys can fucking rob Captain
Cave Sam, if you want. I'm not.
Did you forget what I telled you?
I'm fucking done!
Ricky, this is going to be the easiest fucking job we've ever done!
Sam's an idiot!
Yeah, right. Listen to me and listen to me:
I'm fucking out!
No more!
And tonight's fucking pizza night.
Look, I love my fucking family, boys.
Do not ask me to fuck that up.
Pizza night...
All right, what do we want on these fucking things? I'm good with anything.
Let's get one with no meat.
What are you?
A vege-tenarian now?
Pizza has fucking meat.
That's what makes it pizza.
I'm allergic to, uh, green peppers.
That doesn't even make fucking sense.
It's true. It gives him the shits.
Hey, what's up, little Mo?
What's up, buddy?
I need you for a sec, man. Something weird going on in my trailer.
You've got to check the pipes or something.
Pipes? What pipes? I don't really know much about pipes, man.
Get Bubbles to do it. He's good at that shit. He's busy.
I know you can do this, man.
You're smart at this shit.
Come on. It'll just take a minute.
I guess I know a little bit about pipes.
All right, you guys figure it out.
But I'm fucking paying.
So meat on both.
So which pipes are fucked? Is it a leak?
What the fuck's going on?
It better not be your shit pipe.
I'm not working on that.
There's nothing wrong with the pipes, man.
I just had to talk to you for a minute.
Look, just so you know, the last thing any of us would want to do is fuck over things between you and your family, okay?
Are you fucking kidding me right now? Just stop!
I am not helping you guys break into Cavey's! fuck that!
Rick, we don't want you to do this job with us, man.
We just need a drive, in Lucy's car, because the car blends in.
Drive? fuck you.
That's still doing the job, isn't it?
No, it isn't, man.
You drop us off.
You wait in the car.
Keep look-out for us. In and out in   minutes, man.
You go pick up the pizza and come home.
Everybody's happy.
You do nothing wrong, nothing illegal.
Hey Ricky, driving mah-fuckas around was illegal,
I'd be in jail for life!
You know what I'm sayin'!
That's what's real!
And I'll be able to pay back that wedding money just like I promised.
All right.
I'll fucking drive you guys, not coming in!
That's what your old man used to say!
"I'm not coming in!"
Under a minute!
Nice work, Bubbs!
Under a minute?
That's what your mom used to say!
Just everything you say, he just says it's about your mother.
Like, it's not that clever, really.
Jim Lahey!
How the hell are you?
I'm fan-freaking-tastic!
I'm back on my meds.
Feeling as good almost as when we were running Sunnyvale together.
You know, before the craziness.
And you, Jim? Yeah?
You look great.
Thanks. You look sober. Oh...
I never felt better in my life.
You know why?
The liquor has been beat!
Got it beat, have you, Jim?
Well, that's great.
These are a little tricky for one person. Yeah.
Will Randy be giving you a hand putting it up?
Oh, I highly doubt that.
Well, where are you setting up? I could, uh, come and help you out, catch up, talk about old times.
Yeah, I really appreciate it but I'm trying to leave the past behind, if you know what I mean.
All of it.
I understand.
But, if you change your mind, I'm here for you.
And I'm stronger than ever.
Ricky, can you turn off the religious horseshit?
It's stuck on this fucking channel, I told you that.
Well, do we need to have it on?
It makes a lot of sense, some of the stuff they're saying.
Yeah, 'cause your dad brainwashed you.
What time is it?
It's, like, almost  :  , it's a minute after  :  .
There he is.
Man, he looks fucked.
Look at his hair.
How did he grow it back?
He didn't, Ricky.
It's a fucking toupee, or whatever they call it.
Let's go.
Here we go...
No big deal, just a little... done it many times.
Nothing to worry about.
Let's do it.
Turn off the fucking camera. No, leave the fucking camera on.
I want proof I wasn't in there with you guys.
This is fucking killing me right now not going with these guys.
There's no better feeling doing a B&E, reapin' off some dumb-dumb idiot.
Hit off that? No?
I'm lucky Lucy's stayed with me this long.
And I can't risk losing my family again.
Right now I'm doing nothing wrong.
Just waiting for my pizzas to cook.
Nothing illegal about that.
And it's not a lie if you believe it's not happening.
And I do.
I still can't believe we made this thing.
It's not a thing, silly.
I know, but you know what I mean.
I just love our family so much.
I know.
That was so scary yesterday when I thought you were going to go to jail.
It got me thinking.
Let's just do it.
Make me your wife.
I'd love to, Trinity, but there's still so much planning to do.
Wedding. Doesn't take much.
Come on.
Spontaneous weddings are pretty fucking romantic.
Uh, okay. When?
I don't know. This weekend?
Might as well.
What do you think?
I don't...
This is fucking useless, boys.
I mean, what good is that? I can't... there's nothing
I can do.
It's just a fucking guessing game.
Just keep guessing.
What would he put in? dick? What about dick?
What makes a lie?
For it to be a lie, someone would have to find out that it is a lie.
So, if they don't, then it's not really a lie. minutes? Are you kidding me?
Jesus, fuck my ass!
Shut off the fucking camera!
What the fuck is taking so long?
It took us a while to find the fucking thing.
It was hidden behind this.
And he can't open it!
It's fucking digital, Ricky.
I can't hear the clickers inside.
Well, pry the fucking thing open!
We fucking tried, dawg. shit's tighter than your mama.
Boys, I need to pick up my fucking pizzas.
Well, what the fuck are we supposed to do, Ricky?
Oh, God is fucking me right now! fuck's sakes!
What are you going to do? Oh, fuck, look out! Right on, buddy.
Ray! fuck, you're here, man!
Yeah, Ricky!
Nice work, Ricky.
Nice work.
Thank fuck you're here, man.
I'm not here!
This is not even fucking happening right now! fuck... She's moving. No, look, she's bolted right to the fucking... right to the studs.
We need a rope. Don't you got a fucking rope in the car?
Get the fuck out of the way!
I want to marry you so bad, Trin.
I'd do it tomorrow if I could.
You know I love you more than everything on the planet, right?
So what's the hold-up? It doesn't have to be anything crazy.
It's sort of about the romance.
Are you okay?
Guys, the wedding money's all gone.
Ricky and I had to lend it all to Julian to help keep the park.
All of it?
I'm so sorry.
Those fucking bastards!
I'm going to fucking kill him!
Ricky is such a fucking loser!
Here, tie this to the back of the car.
I got you, you man.
I forget my knots, dawg. I'm all panicked in my mind. Man, you...
You went to camp, man.
You know how to do this.
Round the thing, dawg. Bunny ears and that shit. One more knot.
Should I do, like, a bowman or some shit?
No, just tie it real tight.
Is that dope?
That's good.
Aight, you man!
Gotta peace the fuck out, dawg.
Get over here, dawg!
Safe come flyin'...
Oh, shit!
Ricky, hang on a second, dawg!
Oh, my fuck, you tied it to the fucking bumper?
You said tie it to the back, that's what we did, dawg.
Tie it to the fucking frame underneath!
Well, you've got to be specific with a motherfucker!
You just said tie it to the back, dawg.
That's what we did!
Technically that is the back of the car, though.
Dude, we'll just put it back on right quick.
Just back up, dawg.
Jesus, boys, you ripped the fucking... I'm going to have to fix that. dumb-dumb fucks!
Tie it to the frame! Hurry up!
Look at this shit!
Lucy's going to fucking lose her goddamn mind!
Can you back up a bit, dawg?
We don't have enough rope to reach the frame. You know what I'm sayin'? fuck!
Ray, that mah-fucka cranky today. goddamn s-stupid fucking piece of shit tent!
What the fuck?
Hey, Barb!
Oh, hey, Jim.
Listen, I feel awful bad that you guys don't have a place to live, so I bought you a tent.
Oh! And all you need to do is set it up.
Oh, that is so sweet of you, but you've got to be joking.
The three of us are not sleeping in a tent.
You can.
Come on, Barb.
This is crazy!
Look, you take the tent or leave, because I can't live like this for another fucking week!
A week? Yeah. Oh, no.
Julian has got the court case postponed for    days.
We're here for another month. not, Barb! Ow!
What did you say?
Did you just say we could stay, long as we want?
Yeah. I thought so.
Now get the fuck in your tent before I glue your lips shut with my slow-drying man cement.
What a dick!
Ray! Aight, Ricky, it's popped out the wall, dawg. Slow down, dawg!
We finally got it out. fuck, let's go.
Come on, man!
That shit worked like a maf'k, hah?
Come on, T, grab an end, dawg.
Blah! Blah!
Ray! It's mah-fucking heavy, too, ain't it?
Ricky, that worked, dawg!
Right on. Hurry up, boys!
Come on! Let's go!
Get it in the fucking trunk!
Let's go!
Can we put it down?
I need a rest, dawg.
Boys, what the fuck are you doing?
Come on... Taking a rest... fuck out of here!
Oh my Christ, this shit's heavy, dawg!
Get in! Hurry up!
You think she'll be that mad, Ricky?
Does a bear shit on the pope?
What? No, no one shits on the pope.
Good luck, buddy.
Maybe Ricky'll be able to talk his way out of it.
Not this time, man.
She's going to fucking snap.
Hide behind the trailer, boys.
Don't let them see us.
Trin, stay in the house. Ricky, where the fuck have you been?
You've been gone for almost two hours!
Oh, what's in the trunk?
Lucy, look what he did to your fucking car!
The bumper's off!
Oh, Ricky! fucking idiot!
I know, I know. It's bad.
It's a fucking long story.
Holy shit! There's a safe in here, too.
What did you do?
Calm down, all right? I went to pick up the pizzas and this fucking idiot backs into me and he's got no insurance, no money.
So he gave me the safe he had with him as payment.
That's your best story, huh?
You're such a fucking idiot, Ricky!
Why don't you blow me, Sarah?
Why don't you fucking blow yourself
'cause Lucy's not going to anymore!
You couldn't leave it for just one day?
You couldn't just let it go?
So some guy backed into you and he gave you a safe as payment?
Is that... that's your story?
I know it sounds crazy but that's pretty much what the fuck...
You are so full of shit!
I'm so sick of your lies!
You want the truth, Lucy?
The truth is, I don't even know what the fuck happened. How about that?
That's bullshit and I know what happened to Trin's wedding money.
You are such a selfish piece of shit!
Lucy, what was done was done because I love this family.
Enough! Enough!
All right? Tonight you're sleeping in the car, your fucking car! fuck my tits with a fucking rainbow!
That's what your mama said!
Inappropriate timing.
Jesus, boys. He's eating ground pizza. cock! Piece of shit! fucking shit-tent!
I had to increase the allowable level.
But I'm still not feeling it. go up another floor.
Let's save a little bit for later.
Home sweet home. fuck off!
It's not all that bad, you know?
So in the event there's only gold and silver in that thing, will this fancy-ass lawyer take that as payment or what?
Ah, silver not so much but gold would do very, very nicely.
For him.
I think that's it, boys.
There, she just let go.
She let go.
Oh, my fuck!
It's empty?
Just wait.
It's not empty.
What is that, gold?
No, it looks like somebody's whizzled old teeth.
Well, that's a cobra strike to all of our erect wangs!
Them shits must be Sam's old sluts that he jarred up right quick after he got them shiny joints up in he mouths, hah?
Yeah but why the fuck would he leave his old teeth in his safe with nothing else in the mah-fucker?
That is fucked! Teeth!
This is cocked beyond fuck, boys.
I might have just lost my family over Sam's shit-covered cave teeth?
Thanks, Julian.
Thanks, man.
How's it going, Randy?
Got a tip about a
B&E that led us here.
You know anything about that, cutie pie?
No, I don't.
Well, then we're going to have to go into the park and take a look around.
Unless, of course, you want to come for a drive and... do a little downhill skiing.
Frig off! Nice try.
I'm not going downhill skiing with you guys.
I'm not a tenderized, marinated piece of meat that gets passed around for everyone to nibble on.
Fine, Randy. Too bad.
Downhill skiing would have been fun. we'll go see if we can throw a... few of your low-life friends in jail. fuck, I hate losing.
Yeah, yeah, me too.
But I might have another option to help pay for this dragon slut of a trial.
And what's that?
Done any acting?
Acting? Yeah. I'm no fucking
Clint Eastwood, man.
I've never acted before.
I just mean pretending.
You see, I've got a client who's... he's going bankrupt, and he's trying to pull an insurance scam.
There's no risk, it's a big score, a truck full of easy-to-pawn items.
It sounds too good to be true.
No, seriously.
The truck driver's in on it too.
He's taking a cut.
Look, you pull them over, you make it look like you're robbing them, you take off with the truck with everything in it.
It's easy-peasy.
Cops! Shut down the music.
Evening, guys. Can I help you with something?
You sure can, Julian.
We'd like to come in and take a look around.
You don't have a problem with that now, do you, big dog?
B-b-b-b-b... I assume you have a warrant, huh?
Look who's here.
Super Lawyer.
Why you haven't been disbarred yet, I'll never know.
We don't need a warrant to walk through a public establishment.
Even you should know that.
Well, that would be true if said establishment was open for business.
But fortunately for Julian, it's closed tonight.
So in order for you to go in and have a look around before it opens in the morning, you do in fact need a search warrant.
This the way you want to play it, Julian?
He's got nothing to hide.
He's just tired and wants to go to bed.
Know anything about the break-in down at The Denture King?
I've been here all day, man.
Pretty funny actually, because whoever took the safe didn't realize it was empty.
I bet the look your face was priceless.
You mean the look on the person that took the safe's face.
I wasn't there, Ted! sorry, sorry...
Sorry, Julian.
I couldn't keep them out.
Why the fuck not?
Because I'm not getting paid enough to do the... the things that they want me to do to them to keep them out.
Do what things to them?
Look, if you don't like the job
I'm doing, find someone else.
When am I even going to get friggin' paid?
Soon, Randy. Soon? Yes, soon.
A nice accurate answer, Julian.
Friggin' soon.
Jesus Christ...
I wish this whole fucking park was private property, man.
Then the cops would need a warrant to even get through the front fucking gate.
Is that possible?
You're goddamn right it is.
I mean there'd be some zoning issues...
Another grand.
But this whole place would be private fucking property.
Then we could basically do whatever the fuck we wanted in here.
Yes, you could, my friend.
All right. Let's do it.
Pull the trigger on that insurance scam, too. I'll tell the boys about it.
All right, you got it. Uh...
But that greasy bastard wants a thousand bucks up front for that too.
My hands are tied.
You understand.
All right, let's just do it.
All right!
You owe me    bucks for that drink too.
Yeah, sure. fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off.
I guess I'm in what they call the dog house, which makes no fucking sense.
I mean, a dog house is too small.
You couldn't really live in it.
Anyway, there's one thing a woman can't resist:
Breakfast at bed.
Check that out.
Nice little flower for a magical touch.
Whoa! That was fucking close.
Okay, be quiet in here.
Actually you cock peelers hang back here.
I don't want you to wake Lucy up, all right?
They didn't touch the floor.
They were on this... this book here, so they're fine.
Okay, stay here.
Hey, Luce.
Lucy, wake up.
I got breakfast for you, babe.
I brought you breakfast at bed.
What the... You...
And I wanted to come here and just say how fucking sorry I am for fucking things up so bad, okay?
It's never going to happen again, I can promise you that.
This is breakfast in bed?
Some Cheerios and a...
There was a little bit more but a little bit got spilt on the way in.
The fucking camera guys knocked it over.
Thanks. It's great.
It's really...
You still mad?
Still mad? Are you fucking kidding me?
Of course, I'm mad.
I'm spending all of this energy thinking that we're going to have a baby together and you're spending all your energy thinking you're going to break the law with your best fucking friend.
Like, yeah, I'm mad. Lucy, listen to me, I promise you that I will never, never lie to you never again about anything.
Well, actions speak louder than words.
So prove it.
You know what?
I can prove it right now.
Because I'm not going to lie to you.
Can I borrow your car to do a truck heist?
Oh! A what?
It's... not really a... It's actually a legal robbery.
It was set up by that lawyer you used to bang.
You know what...
It's totally... like, zero risk.
Just take the fucking car.
I really...
I really just...
I don't fucking care.
Really? Awesome, Lucy.
Yeah. You can take the breakfast as well.
You're not going to eat this?
It's fine. I'll eat it.
That's great. Just go.
Right on, Lucy.
You know what, this honesty stuff's really fucking cool!
Yeah, just get the fuck out...
Love you.
What the fuck, boys!
You can't be filming Lucy when she's in fucking bed and stuff!
Get the fucking... away from me.
Okay, boys, brand new formula.
You're going to fucking love it.
Take lots of notes, all right?
How fast it kicks in, how strong it is, how long it lasts,
I've actually got a lot of stuff to do today, Ricky.
No, you have just this to do today.
Can I ask one question?
You just did.
Boys, we doing this?
I've got Lucy's car.
You've got Lucy's car?
Nice work, buddy.
Bubbs, let's go, man.
I think I'm just going to hang back here, Julian.
I've got some cart work to do.
Bubbs, it's going to take a half hour, man.
Why aren't you cool with this now?
Well, I'm cool with it.
Well, let's go, then!
Cory, Jacob, you're coming with us.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! We're not taking these guys!
Rick, they've got to drive the truck, man.
I know but they might be fucked.
They're always fucked.
Come on, let's go.
I don't want this guy waiting for us.
I think I'm feeling it already.
Well, you're going to have to fucking ride it out.
Don't be a pussy.
And don't tell Julian.
You cool, Bubbs?
I'm fucking as cool as can be.
Got your gun? gun, I don't need a fucking gun, do I?
Here's all the fucking masks and shit, boys.
Look, if you guys leave,
I promise I'll testify.
I just want my life back, Barb.
Give us a minute, girls.
Jim, sit down.
Barb, listen...
No, Jim...
Look, I realize how hard this has been for you.
You do?
Of course I do!
But the problem is that Candy...
Candy has grown so attached to this place there's no way she would leave.
I mean, I wouldn't want to be the person to tell her, would you?
So, you see, you will testify because you are a weak, little man.
A shell of your former self.
Buh-bye, fuckface.
Bye bye.
Thanks a lot, Barb.
How much longer, Julian?
I can't sit here watching fuck-around gung pinching each other's wieners!
Bubbs, would you relax, man?
This is all figured out.
It's not all figured out
'cause who's going to drive the fucking truck now?
They're not, obviously.
Well, it's not my fault they're all fucked up.
It's Ricky's fault. I fucking told you they were fucked and you wouldn't listen to me, would you?
Hey, tickle twins! Get the fuck over here and smoke this!
You need to come down.
You're driving me nuts!
So you're going to make them smoke weed to bring them down from all the liquid weed they ingested?
That's fucking brilliant, Ricky!
It's not weed, it's hash. If you knew more about smoking weed and hash, you'd know what the fuck
I'm talking about.
Get that shit out of your hair!
You look fucked!
Here comes the truck, boys!
See, I told you, man.
I guess should take our guns out, eh?
Make this look real.
Would you put the fucking gun away, man?
What are you doing?
Why would you pull a gun out if it's a fake robbery?
He's got a fucking gun! Christ!
Jesus Murphy!
You've got to be fucking kidding me!
Stop the fucking truck, you cocksucker!
You're paying for that fucking door!
Get out of the fucking truck!
Get out of the fucking truck!
Am I going to die?
Get out of the fucking truck.
Oh... What are you doing, Danny?
We're Steinberg's guys.
I'm not Danny.
I'm fucking...
Danny got busted for drinking and driving this morning! fuck's sakes!
Julian, Jacob's shot!
Oh, my fuck!
He's shot!
Look at this shit!
Look at this fucking door! What... fucking Jesus!
Julian, you better get this...
Lucy's going to fucking kill me over this shit!
And this is my fault, is it?
Well, whose fucking fault is it?
Would you...
Just let me think! Well, you better fucking think quickly!
Chill the fuck out!
Julian, he's fucking shot!
Just give me a second to think, Bubbs!
Oh, yeah! fucking nothing can go wrong here!
Put your fucking hands down.
All right, there's been a bit of a fuck-up here, okay?
"A bit of a fuck-up"?
Look at this fucking shit!
Would you let me talk to this man for a second?
You said you had it all figured out!
Just shut the fuck up and let me think!
All right.
Your boss set this whole thing up, okay?
It's an insurance scam.
This is what I' m going to do for you.
Hold this.
You're going to call the cops in two hours.
You're going to tell them you pulled over to take a piss.
Someone hopped in your truck, stole the fucking thing.
Are we cool? I'm not getting involved in this shit.
Oh, you're not getting involved in this shit, are you?
Maybe I should call the cops tell them who shot my fucking son-of-law! fucking idiot!
Attempted murder, or take the money.
What's it going to be?
Get the fuck out of here!
Run! Move!
How's he doing, Bubbs?
He's got a fucking hole blasted right through his muffin top!
How do you think he's doing?
Are you in pain, Jacob?
Not really.
It's fucking buckshot, man.
Haven't been shot with buckshot since high school.
Are you okay to drive the truck by yourself, Cory?
Dudes, we should go fish.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
He's fucked!
He can't drive
Okay, I'm going to drive the truck back to the park.
You guys get him stitched up, meet me back there.
Okay, no fucking hospital, though!
Well, where the fuck do we take him, then?
I can't believe we're at the fucking Denture King!
Where the fuck...
There he is.
Hang on, Jacob.
Open up, we've got an emergency, bud!
Sorry, guys,
I'm shut down for renos.
My son-of-law's bleeding out.
You've got to fix him!
Jacob, get yourself in here!
Get the fuck in!
Come on, Cory, get him.
I've been doing a lot of thinking.
Maybe Barb was right.
Maybe I am a little weaker than I used to be.
Well, maybe it's time for this weak little man to make a few minor scientific adjustments.
A lot of adrenaline flowing through, right now.
Sometimes it gives it an FRH.
That's a False High Reading.
I am involved... with a trio... of sexu... hmm! maniacal rug-munchers.
This'll help to lessen my adrenaline flow.
Oh, liqueur!
Smooth, tastes fantastic.
And it has way less alcohol content which enables me to fine-tune my liquor levels.
Look at that, look at that.
Hardly any shaking.
Guess what? I bet you
I'm a perfect  .  .
" .  ".
Oh... it's... it's probably closer to  . with all the adre... adrenaline but...
I mean, what the fuck does numbers mean anyway?
See? The bullet went right through, guys.
So a couple stitches on each side and it's all good to go!
You're free.
Right on, Jacob.
Thanks, Sam.
Ricky, come on, buddy.
Put the gun away.
Can't you see everything's all good now?
Sam, no offence but you used to be a real arsehole.
How come you're being so friendly?
Well, Bubbles, my mother,
God rest her sexy soul, she told me on her fucking death bed,
"Sam! Don't be such a fucking ass-a-hole!"
So I started being nice to everybody, and you know what?
Everybody's nice to me,
I got money in the bank,
I'm getting fucked and sucked, life is a fucking dream, boys!
Your mom was pretty hot.
Very motivational speech, too, Sam.
Hey, dude, your office is fucked!
See, perfect example, okay?
The old Sam would have freaked out.
Some young kids came in and stole my fucking safe.
If it wasn't for what was in that safe,
I wouldn't give a fuck.
What did you say?
I didn't. I was... commenting on your beautif...
How did you know there were teeth in my fucking safe?
He didn't... No.
There were teeth in there? Those were my mother's fucking teeth!
Just calm down.
Which one of you motherfuckers...
Whoa! fuck!
Put the fucking gun down!
You totally killed Sam with a toothbrush, dude!
I didn't kill him,
Cory! I just... conked him like they did in the movies.
I had to. fuck, Bubbs, I don't feel one of those fucking pulse-y things, man.
You might have killed him.
What are you talking about?
I just... conked him with the toothbrush!
Sam! Sam!
Shouldn't it be... pulsing or something?
Jesus, he's all sweaty too.
Hm... Let me try...
Try kicking him.
Cory, give him mouth-to-mouth or something.
I ain't kissing Sam, dude. That's fucked!
Well, I'm not.
We're going to have to find something to roll him up in.
I'll bring the car around back.
We'll take him with us, I guess. fuck! fuck!
Hey, Steinberg, it's Julian.
Yeah, I'm in the truck right now just heading back to the park.
So I'm going to need those re-zoning documents A-S-A-P.
What are you talking about
"It's after hours"?
It's fucking daytime!
How much? fuck, just get... get the documents to the gate, okay? For me today.
All right. Okay, thank you. Bye bye.
Holy fuck, he's greasy!
Haul the sweaty cave bitch up the...
Come on, haul him, Cory!
He's really heavy!
I know he's heavy!
Oh, my fuck!
Just wait.
Ricky, bring it back a couple of feet.
Holy fuck, I can't believe this is happening!
Just bring her back.
Okay, that's good.
That's good!
For fuck's sakes!
You're right on him!
Ricky, here!
Jesus Murphy, we've got to lift!
Ricky, you're going to spin him in half!
Hold on a second.
Oh, shit!
You're going to pull his arm off.
Is he all right?
Yes. Can you just...
Here, let's just... fucking thing's touchy, man.
I couldn't see because of the fucking trunk.
Who gives a fuck?
He's dead.
He probably didn't feel a thing.
It's just disrespectful, Ricky.
Let's just... let's get him on the fucking roof.
He's heavy as fuck too!
Oh, fuck!
Just be careful...
Get your end up the other end, Cory. fuck! What the fuck! You've got to put him this way, for fuck's sakes!
I'm trying! fuck, this asshole's heavy!
Here, I think, if we put him lengthways, it'll be less conspicuous.
This is fucked.
Maybe we should just take him to the hospital or back to his office and call the police and say it was an accident.
Julian said no hospitals, and we can't go to the cops.
They're too fucking stupid.
They'll never believe you, man.
They're too dumb.
I can't believe we're even having this conversation it's like we're in a fucking murder mystery!
It's not much of a mystery.
You killed him with a giant fucking toothbrush.
Okay, just to be clear, I did not kill caveman Erik Estrada!
We don't even know he was dead until you fucking did a brake-burn on his head!
You fucking killed him!
Well, that was kind of your fault too.
But, anyway, he may not be dead.
There's a chance that he's fine!
Wait, dude...
Jesus Murphy! fuck. Sorry, dude. We lost him!
Ricky, stop!
We lost him!
For fuck's sakes!
Oh, my God!
He went right off!
This doesn't make any fucking sense!
He's got to be here somewhere!
Who gives a fuck?
Ricky, I do.
We're not leaving a fucking dead body out here with our prints all over it!
Well, if we can't find him, nobody else is going to fucking find him!
Hey, dudes, look, I found somebody's hair.
Somebod... that's Sam's hair,
Cory, for fuck's sakes!
Oh... these must be his teeth, then.
Boys, where are you finding this stuff? Okay.
He's close, then.
He's close.
Where is he?
Holy fuck,
Cory, here! Look.
Here, come on!
Here he is, boys.
Right on.
Feels pretty light.
He's not in here!
What the fuck are you talking about?
He's got to be in there!
He's not, Ricky.
Oh, my God, you know what?
This is a compressed
If that hit the road at the right angle at that speed, he could have shot out like a fucking cannon.
He could be     yards in the woods.
Let's get the fuck out of here, then.
The bears'll probably get him and eat all the evidence. fuck it!
My fuck! Ricky...
Look, I'm fucking
You guys can stay and look for him if you want.
All right? It's done.
Oh, my God,
I can't believe we're leaving a dead body here.
Then don't believe it.
And then if you don't believe it, it's not real.
That's what I do.
It's fucking easy.
That doesn't make any fucking sense, Ricky.
How'd you make out, boys?
Pretty good.
Got Jacob all sown up.
There was, uh, a bit of an incident.
Sam's body flew off the car.
It was actually super cool!
What the fuck are they talking about?
We killed Sam Losco.
I conked him with a fucking toothbrush and then he ran him over with the car.
So Sam's dead?
Really fucking dead. fuck, boys.
Oh, my God, Jacob, are you okay?
Hey, Trin. Check it. I got a little bit shot.
Don't worry. I'm okay.
Didn't even cry.
Took it like a man.
Welcome to the family, bud. happened to my car?
Well, Lucy, I could lie to you and say some dumb-dummy side-swiped us but I'm not going to do that.
I'm going to tell you the truth like I said I would.
Julian fucked up, the wrong truck driver was there, and I got into a bit of a gunfight.
Jacob was so fucking high he didn't take cover and got shot.
We took him to Sam's to get fixed up.
Bubbles killed Sam with a fucking toothbrush.
Oh, my God!
I did not,
It was an accident!
You guys fucking killed somebody?
You know what?
I'm fucking done.
I'm done.
What do you mean you're done, Lucy?
I told you the truth.
Just because you told me the truth doesn't mean you can do whatever the fuck you want to.
Like, you're officially out of this family.
It's fucking over.
Thanks a lot, guys.
Thanks, Julian.
Ruined my fucking family!
Drive me to the police station.
I'm turning myself in.
Bubbs, we've got to think about this, man I have to.
You've got to come to the gate and deal with Sam!
He won't leave!
Sam? Sam who?
Sam Losco!
He's all fucked up!
Come on! What the fuck is going on here?
I don't know. Grab his mother's shitty old teeth!
Oh, my God! Sam!
You're alive!
Thank fuck!
Stop right there, Sam! I told you to stay the frig out!
Randy, shut the fuck up!
Help the man up.
Oh, my God, Sam. Thank fuck you're alive!
Where's my mother's fucking teeth?
Julian! Julian!
Here you go, man.
The fuck happened?
Things just got out of hand, Sam.
I'm sorry, look, you fucking clobber me.
I deserve it.
Give me your best shot.
There's nothing I'd like better than to kill all you fuckers.
But I promised my mama I wouldn't be an asshole any more.
And I'm going to keep that.
Okay, well, there must be something I can do for you.
I just want to go home.
Can you call me a cab?
Randy, you heard the man.
Call him a fucking cab!
Come on, Sam.
Holy fuck!
He's like the fucking Terminator!
A fucking greasy one.
Thank fuck.
Let's go.
I'm not a murderer.
Not a murderer!
Hey, Jim.
Oh, having a little dessert, huh?
Where are your... shitty little friends, Barb?
Oh, they went into town.
What are you bothering me for?
Oh, Jim, look, I, uh...
I'm sorry about earlier. Yeah.
No, listen. I really need your help on this court case,
I really do.
Look who's being all prim and proper now that her hench-whores aren't here backing her up!
Not on your fucking life, Barb!
I'm going to fight you until the bitter end, you heartless bitch!
You can't break me, Barb.
I'm too strong.
Oh, oh, you're strong.
Yeah. Yeah.
You're strong.
You're strong enough to face everyone when I tell them the truth?
The truth about what?
You know about what!
We made a promise.
No one can ever find out about this.
You wouldn't!
Oh, this
"heartless bitch" would!
Hm, gee, I wonder who
I should tell first.
What do you want me to do?
Well, let me see...
How about whatever the fuck I tell you?
Holy fuck!
You guys aren't going to believe what's in this fucking truck.
Ready? Unless Trinity's wedding money is in there,
I don't really give a fuck.
Well, I'm about to change your fucking mind, Ricky.
Check it out, boys!
Holy fuck!
What is all this shit?
It's an entire fucking casino in here, Bubbs!
They've got booze, e-cigarettes, slot machines, game tables, uniforms, everything, man!
And liquor! fucking right, there's tons of liquor in there!
Oh, my God! You know what I was thinking?
Now that we're re-zoned as Private Property, we could turn Sunnyvale into an all-inclusive casino resort.
A resort?
Yeah. Moneyvale!
That's actually not too fucking bad. fucking rights, man.
A fucking resort casino!
I've never been to a casino.
It's going to be our retirement, boys!
Let's have a toast here.
Come on, Rick.
Come on, buddy!
Come on, Ricky.
To Freedom   .
I guess we'll see.
We'll fucking see all right, boys! fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off.
This is my first day as concierge of the Munnyvale all-inclusive casino and resort.
It's a lot more responsibility with no more pay but, as it grows, Julian says
I might be in line for a promotion.
I'm in charge of... checking people in and giving them these bracelets.
What the frig?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Good morning, Randy!
Oh, honey, what happened to your nipples?
Sorry, Barb, can't let you in.
The park's been re-zoned.
Private property.
You guys got to move on.
Why don't you fuck off, Randy, before I drag my nightcrawler across your face and leave a slimer on you!
Frig off, Donna!
Frig off!
My tits are private property too!
Come on, ladies, let's go!
Yeah, what about those, eh?
Look at those!
Let go! Scrawny little piece of shit!
Who do you think you're dealing with?
Get in the fucking car!
Okay! Okay!
Get in the car!
Just let go!
Rosie McDonnell!
Nice ass, like a little woman.
Eighteen. Good faith!
What do you mean, hold?
Hit, you fucking pussy!
What's up?
I ain't never seen this sort of plug before, man.
I swear to fuck you're getting dumber by the day.
The plug's right here, Cory.
Stay away from that shit that Ricky's giving you, man. I'm serious.
Oh, there the pit boss!
There he is, dawg!
What's up, boys?
What's up,
Have a seat, dawg.
Upscale status for two, ain't it? fucking right.
Place looks teera-eera-eerela-tie!
Only think you need, dawg, some more upscale
Like, I ain't going to down
Bubbles, y'know I mean, but mafuckers this classy, they ain't feelin' country, dawg!
You need beats bumpin', hah?
That's what I'm talking about, hop up right quick.
Let's spit some rhymes, dawg.
I though you said we came here to gamble and look at bitches.
We did, dawg.
We're going to gamble, look at bitches, you know what I'm sayin'?
Maybe freestyle, all that, dawg.
And all that bullshit.
How many times do I have to tell you?
I rap when
I want to rap, not when mafuckas tell me to.
I'm light.
I just thought you were on my side.
Why you trippin'?
Because I want to do normal teenage kid stuff and invite my girl and shit but I can't do that because my old man is a whack sucka!
You best watch yourself, dawg.
I might be whack but
I ain't a sucka, a'ight?
Yeah, whatever. I'm the fuck out like Crocs. Peace.
Peace, man.
Whack sucker.
I was here, dawg.
Hard act little mafk too, ain't he?
Argh, cock bacon, fuck!
Are you feeling sorry for him?
I don't know.
I mean, look at him.
He's trying really hard.
And it kind of makes me feel like I made a mistake.
Like you made a mistake?
Lucy, Ricky's a fuck-up.
Okay, say it with me:
Ricky. Is. A...
Octopus slut!
What a fucking piece of shit, fucking whore piece of...
Bubbs, Bubbs!
Hey, Julian!
Headphones, man.
Look, man, I don't know what you did with the website, but reservations are starting to roll in, buddy.
Three couples booked for the entire fucking weekend.
That's how I fucking do it, baby!
We just got to clean up this fucking mess.
Come on, you fucking dick!
How the fuck are you still not hard?
What in the name of Christ? Ricky!
Just leave him alone, Bubbs. fucking asshole!
Take that! Come on!
Rick! Guys, can you not?
Just don't film this for one second. Ricky!
Oh, my God, it's a tire pump.
Ricky, I thought you were over here fucking pounding one!
I already did that.
How long have you been doing that?
A couple of hours, man.
My arm's fucked!
Yeah, 'cause this is for, like, beach balls and footballs and things.
I got a air
Why didn't you just use that?
Because I couldn't drive the car over there, the fucking tire was flat.
No, Ricky, it's air... it's portable.
You could have just brought it right here and just...
Rick, we've got people booked for the weekend, man.
So we've got to get this place cleaned up, man.
It looks like shit.
What are you talking about?
All that stuff's fucking perfectly good.
It looks like a garbage dump over here.
Hey, guys. Is the drugs store open?
Yeah, yeah. Go on inside.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Where's your bracelets?
What? We just want to buy some weed.
This is an all-inclusive resort, okay? bucks and you can have all the gambling and booze you want over there.
Look, I don't know what the fuck he's talking about.
Go on inside.
No, no, no, no!
Tell Lucy that Ricky said he was sorry...
No. Go to the front gate, pay the    bucks or get the fuck out of here!
It's your choice.
Look, there's lots of other places to buy weed, dude.
All right.
Get the fuck out of here, then.
What the fuck,
Rick. It's an all-inclusive resort now, buddy.
Now they've got to fucking pay the all-inclusive rates or it doesn't work. It doesn't make any sense if they don't.
How's that going to work for my business?
People aren't going to pay bucks to come and buy dope!
Rick, they start gambling, they start winning money, they get drunk, they're going to want to get high, they're going to buy tons of fucking dope.
Sounds fucked to me.
It's not fucked. You're fucked.
No, you're more fucked!
No, you just don't...
You can't understand...
The casino's dumb and you're dumb and you're fucked!
Tell me what is going on in the park!
Argh! Frigg off!
How long has that been going on?
Oh, you think that's cold, Randy?
Remember when we used to...
What's going on in there?
That was when we were dating. Frig off!
Mind your own business!
What are you doing to Randy?
Just a little old-fashioned
Well, you let him go or I'm going to call the cops immediately!
They're doing things to me!
Oh, look who it is!
The skinny Malcoholovich- looking motherfucker! Yeah!
Oh, my God! That was so much fun, girls!
Good luck sitting down, Randy!
Are you okay, bud?
No, Mr. Lahey.
What the hell's going on, Barb?
What do you want?
What I want,
Jim, is justice.
Look, that park was stolen from me.
And from you.
And I want it back!
And so should you!
But I don't, Barb.
Don't you get it?
I don't want it back.
You want it back?
You get it back and keep my goddamn share!
I don't care. Just leave
Randy and me alone, okay?
No, not okay! You're in this whether you like it or not.
And what I want from you is I want you over at that park and I want you to find out what the fuck Julian is up to!
I'm not going back to the park!
I'm not going to do it!
Ah! Say that again into my good ear
'cause I don't think I heard you, motherfucker.
Yeah. And have you suddenly forgotten the conversation we just had?
I'll give it a go, Barb.
Don't give it a go, Jim. Do it.
You okay, Randy?
I'm damaged goods,
Mr. Lahey.
Oh, Randy. It must have been awful.
It was.
Hey, no entry unless you have a bracelet.
Excuse me? We booked through your website for the weekend.
Who the fuck do we talk to?
Oh, I'm sorry. You guys have reservations?
Ah, yeah. We booked for three nights.
Okay, you want to talk to my concierge up at the gate there.
Fat guy, no shirt, bow tie.
No? All right, okay, cool.
I'll take care of it.
All right, let's go. Actually the first place you're going to want to go is in the drug store there.
Let's get you all set up with some edibles, some smokeables...
No, you don't! No.
Ricky, we've got to get them drunk and fucking gambling, okay?
They should get high first, though!
No, they're not going to get high!
I need them fucking zoned out.
All right! Are you guys ready to party?
Yeah! Right on!
My name's Julian.
This is fucking bullshit, Julian!
Ricky, just...
Hi, Bubbles. Bubbles and The Shitrockers.
I'll be taking care of all your entertainment
Come right in. fucking asshole!
We'll get you guys set up with some liquor drinks.
You like liquor drinks? liquor drinks, please.
What do youse want?
What d'you cover my eyes for?
You'll see, mafucker, you know I'm sayin'?
This your old man trying to make some shit up to you, you know what I'm sayin'?
I wanted to give you a little privacy with your shawty.
You know what I'm sayin'?
It might be just what the dizzoctor izzordered.
You ready?
Three, two, one.
Blah, blah!
What's that creeping out your mouth?
That's a smile, ain't it?
Sayin'? Have a seat, dawg.
Got you chips, you know what I'm sayin'?
You have bottles poppin'.
Play some video games with your candy, huah?
Would a whack sucka do this for a mafk?
I don't think so!
It's tight, ain't it?
Yeah, it's a'ight.
We should probably talk about the bizzurds and the bizzees though, if y'all two going to be pushing up on each other right quick.
I probably know more than you do, bitch.
A'ight. Just sayin', if you're going down south, you know I'm sayin', put a jimmy hat on your shit, huah?
Kind of like old times, isn't it, Randy-bo-banders?
A little bit, yeah.
Randy, I...
I don't quite know how to handle this, but don't get me wrong.
I love living outside the park.
My life's just about perfect, Randy, but just seeing you the last couple of days makes me thinks there's something missing in my life.
You know what
I mean, bud?
Yeah, Mr. Lahey, but... just...
I don't think we should complicate things right now.
Thanks, Mr. Lahey.
The hell you doing here?
You're not allowed in here!
I'm just... I'm just dropping him off.
Where the fuck have you been?
Barb and her goon bitches kidnapped me, Julian, and they did things with... a frigging mackerel!
A frozen one! A mackerel? What the fuck are you talking about?
Barb's gunning for you. Seriously.
She told me that
I had to come over here, scope things out and spy on you and see what kind of plans you're making, Julian.
Is that right?
Yeah! I told her
I didn't want to have anything to do with it, but she... Julian, she's fucking blackmailing me.
She's blackmailing you?
How fucking stupid do you think I am, huh?
I don't think you're stupid, Julian.
I think you're a lot of things, but you're not stu...
Ooh, that suit looks really good on you, bud.
Get the fuck back in your car and don't come back.
I think you should go, Mr. Lahey.
Listen, Julian.
I'm really sorry.
It wasn't my fault.
Do your fucking job!
How hard is it to do your fucking job, huh? fucking idiot!
He-e-ey, how's everybody doing?
You guys enjoying yourselves so far?
Everything cool? Can I get you guys anything?
Uh... When does the free dope start rolling out?
Free dope?
Dope's not included.
Just the rooms, booze, snacks, gambling.
What are you talking about?
The ad on the website said all the fucking dope you can smoke.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Jesus Christ...
There, Ricky.
How's that?
It's still a little fucked right there.
Can you get it any straighterly?
Ricky, I'm not a fucking bumper specialist.
I'm not going to get it back to factory-perfect and I kind of don't have time for this.
I need to get
Come on, buddy. Don't quit just
'cause you suck at something.
I don't suck at it!
You fucking suck at it.
That's why you brought it to me. Remember?
Boys! What the hell did you put on the internet?
The commercial?
It's fucking awesome!
Did you see it?
Let me see the fucking thing.
Are you tired of having to haul out your wallet every single time you buy a drink at the bar?
Are you sick of getting kicked out of casinos
'cause you're too fucked up?
Hey, suck my cock, pig!
Then come to the Munnyvale all-inclusive resort and casino at the Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Luxury accommodations.
Unlimited drinks...
And once you're here, all the fucking dope you can smoke!
The Munnyvale all-inclusive resort and casino at Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
Call now or book online
Are you guys fucked in the head?
Why did you let him mention dope?
What's the difference between saying that and saying fucking free liquor and gambling?
Bubbs, there's a big difference!
It's dope!
Nice going, buddy. You just fucked up the entire business.
The fuck, Julian? Chill out, no one's going to see it, man.
He put it on the fucking worldy-pipy internet.
It's not like he put it on Channel   .
Rick, billions of people have the internet!
Billions! There's not even billions of people in the universe.
Maybe ants or rocks or sand, but not fucking people.
Well, guess what, Ricky?
Your dope's free now to everybody that has bracelets.
Free? Why?
Because you advertised it that way!
Right in the fucking ad, man!
It's an all-inclusive ad!
Do you know what all-inclusive means?
Yeah. It means that all... most of the stuff is inclusive.
No, it means all of it is!
Jesus Christ, Bubbs.
You know what, I expect it from this stupid fucking idiot, but what were you fucking thinking?
You told me to fucking deliver a cool ad and I delivered a cool ad!
No, you delivered a shitty ad that fucked everything up.
Take it down!
And guess what?
You're not playing music in my bar any more.
I'm changing the whole music format.
What? That's fucking bullshit!
I didn't fucking know that dope wasn't inclusive or that he didn't know what it meant or fucking...
This is fucking bullshit,
Julian! fuck you!
Well, fuck you!
I'll take the fucking thing down and I won't play at the bar any more but guess what?
You don't fucking ask me to do anything for you ever again!
How about that?
How about that?
I'm so fucking pissed off at you, Ricky!
You're a fucking idiot!
What the fuck are you doing?
Bubbles just fixed that fucking thing!
I don't give a shit!
Oh, you don't give a shit?
Is that right? Okay.
I don't give a shit about your fucking stuff either!
Oh, you're gonna make me lose more money now, are you?
Is that the game you want to fucking play, huh?
It's what you want to fucking play!
Where are you going?
Is that the game you want to fucking play, you stupid fucking idiot?
You fuck off with that! fucking asshole!
Are you fucking kidding me?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Ha ha ha, you fucking asshole!
What are you going to do, Julian?
Ah! You want to go to Fucktown?
Is that where you want to fucking go?
You wanna go to Fucktown?
You put your fucking gun down!
You put your fucking gun down!
Put your fucking gun down,
I'll put my fucking gun down!
Put your fucking gun down.
All right, we'll put them down at the same time.
Count of three.
You ready?
One. Two. Three.
Yeah, I fucking knew it, Julian!
Put your fucking gun down, man!
Put your fucking gun down.
Yeah? What do you want to do here?
Well, what do you want to fucking do? fucking blame all this shit on me!
He can take a fucking big hydraulic suck on my fucking nuts!
What the fuck is that?
Jimmy Kimmel?
Hello? Hello, there!
Hello? Jimmy Kimmel?
Yes, yes. How are you doing?
I'm doing good.
How are you doing?
I'm doing well, thank you.
Can you hear me all right?
I can hear you great.
Am I on the TV right now?
Yes, yes, sir, indeed, you are indeed on the TV right now.
I'm calling about this all-inclusive resort and casino you have that you're running in your trailer park there.
Are you the owner of this?
Well, I'm kind of one of the partners.
You know, my best friend Julian, he opened it in his trailer and it's kind of like...
Jesus Murphy!
What's wrong?
Is that...
Julian's in a fight with my other best friend Ricky, a bit of a gun fight.
Can you just...
A gun fight? ...Hang on one second!
Just don't hang up!
All right.
We won't...
Well, I'll shoot your fucking shit again!
Boys! Jesus, boys!
Get over here!
Jimmy Kimmel's talking to me on the computer!
Jimmy Kimmel?
Jimmy Kimmel's live on the fucking computer!
Get in here!
For fuck's sakes!
Ricky! Get in here! Look!
Jimmy Kimmel's called us on the thing.
He's asking about the casino.
Were you guys shoo...
Were you shooting out there?
Yeah, dicky-nuts over there was shooting at my trailer.
You shot at my car first!
What the is going on here?
I just...
I'm sorry...
I'm sorry to interrupt your gun fight but I saw on the internet where you guys are running this resort and casino with free marijuana or whatever in your trailer park.
Is that correct?
Yeah, man.
It's completely gated.
There's a kick-ass live entertainment, lots of free booze.
Man, it's
Tons of dope!
So you actually allow people to smoke dope in the casino while they're gambling?
Is that legal in Canada?
Well, I mean, the cops don't bother us, right?
I mean, it's private property, so we basically do whatever the we want.
All right. And how is it going so far?
Is business good?
Are people coming and participating?
Yeah, man. It's starting to really pick up now.
You know, hoping that people from all over the world will come visit this place sometime, you know?
Yeah, you... you must know some people, do you,
Jimmy Kimmel, that might come up?
I know a lot of people.
Yes, of course I do.
And you're on right now. So...
Would you invite these people up to get stoned and gamble for us?
That'd be awesome!
I would... uh...
Is that a gun that you're wiping your nose with?
You need a gun when you handle with stupid friends like this dumb bastard!
Are you seriously putting your gun where you did?
Boys, put the guns down!
Sorry about this,
Jimmy Kimmel!
I... it's... shoot somebody!
Ricky, put the fucking gun down!
You put your fucking gun down!
You put your fucking gun down first!
Boys, I was talking to Jimmy
Kimmel and you fucking ruined it!
He started it! He started it!
What's cracking, dawg?
Hey, what you doin', youman?
What does it look like
I'm doing? I'm packing.
What you packing for?
Where are you going?
I'm going to move in my mom's.
But you've got a moms up in hurr.
Not that Mexican bitch. Hell, no!
Marcia? Don't talk to her like that, dawg.
I just did. Here, let me tell you something right quick.
That's emotional baggage, what you're doin', dawg.
Hey! Sit on the bed right quick.
Hey! Hey! Sit on the bed right quick!
Talk to me mafk to mafk.
You ain't goin' nowhere, dawg!
Just take a breaths, tell me what's goin' on.
You got a moms, a'ight?
That's right.
I asked that bitch to make me a sandwich, she knitted me a pair of mittens!
She learnin', dawg.
A'ight, she learnin'
English. She tryin'.
Baloney sound like mittens, you know what I'm sayin'?
When you say 'em quick.
Be patient, dawg. Ain't nuttin' wrong with her.
We all trying', a'ight?
It's a new arrangement, you know I mean?
This ain't no place for kids to grow up.
Suckas hassling you to spit rhymes.
I just want to study!
Is that what this is about?
Me pushin' you too hard to spit?
That's what's going on here, huah?
Two things, dawg!
Two things!
Look at me with your eyeballs!
Two things.
One, I grew up in this mafucker and I turned out dope!
And the second thing is,
I ain't goin' to pressure you to spit no more, dawg.
You can go on with your maths. Sayin'?
Promise you I won't be pushin' you to rap no more, dawg.
Lick it, stamp it, no racy-dacies!
Will you stay?
That's good.
Hey, Jim!
Hi, Barb.
How are you?
I'm... Actually, Barb,
I'm pretty busy.
Oh, really?
So... uh...
Jim, did you manage to talk to Julian for me?
Barb, I talked to Julian but he didn't believe a fucking word I was saying.
I'm sorry. I can't do anything about it.
Ohhh. Oh, no, that's too bad, Jim, because, like, I don't need to remind you what'll happen if you can't get the information I need, do I?
You don't need to fucking remind me!
Good. Good. 'Night.
Sleep tight.
Good night.
Barb! Where'd you put all those fucking coolers at?
Oh, yeah, I guess
I came down pretty hard on Bubbles and Ricky, but, you know,
I totally thought they fucked up my entire business.
But this whole dope thing got the word out now.
I mean, we were on Jimmy Kimmel.
So hopefully that'll draw people into this place.
I guess I'm going to have to go apologize to those dicks.
Here, Ricky, she should slide right...
Oh, for fuck's sakes! I fucked.
We've got to take the tail lights off.
Hey, Bubbs. Hey, Rick.
Do you hear something, Bubbles?
Yeah, it sounded like the endangered muscular dickweed birds chirping somewhere in the distance.
Yeah, that's what I heard too.
Look, Rick.
I'm sorry for ripping down your sign and shooting at your car.
It was a dick move, man. I apologize.
Oh, fuck, if only Hallmark made a card for that occasion.
Rick, Bubbs...
I'm fucking sorry.
I'm just stressed out, you guys.
And you can play at my bar any time you want, Bubbs.
I'm sorry I shot at your bar with customers inside.
It wasn't very smart.
It's okay.
I'm sorry I pissed in your poker machine.
You pissed in my poker machine?
I did too.
Right, look, Rick...
We're going to make this dope thing part of the all-inclusive.
People in e-mail and on the fucking website, that's all they want to know about.
But I can't. Like, how's that good for me?
I'm going to lose a ton of fucking money.
We just have to work together, boys.
That way we can all split the profits equally.
We've just got to concentrate on getting people drunk so they'll gamble more.
That way it'll keep the dope down to a minimum.
Free dope would bring a lot more people in, Ricky.
It would.
Giving away free dope for the gooder of us all.
It's a noble gesture.
You'd be like the
Robin Hood of dope.
Come on, boys.
We're better when we're together than when we're not.
I agree.
Put 'em in!
All right.
All for all and one for one, then, I guess.
What? Did
I fuck that up?
Yup. You know what?
It doesn't matter, though.
It doesn't matter.
One, two, three!
Bubbs, man, stop.
Want a drink, Rick?
Don't! I pissed in that too. fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Look at this!
We've been going through inventory like crazy, we haven't been paid a fucking cent yet, and you still don't have the wedding money!
What the fuck, Ricky?
If you can't get the money back from Julian,
I'll get it myself and you'll fucking regret it!
I'll get it, Lucy!
I said I'd fucking get it, and I'll fucking get it!
Jesus Christ.
Julian, get the fuck up right now!
Get out here, man!
You too, Bubbles!
Wake the fuck up!
Ricky, what in the name of the Easter Bunny's fluffy white cock are you doing firing toasters at me?
This resort cannot have dope be all-clusively.
It's fucking bullshit to me and my family.
Ricky, would you calm down. under control.
No, I'm not going to calm down.
This is fucking
I need the wedding money back right now.
Go get it! Do whatever you have to.
I don't care...
The customers pay when they leave, okay?
That's the deal.
Nobody's left yet.
Fine, then.
You two, you're going to have to get me the money back the old-fashioned way.
We're doing a fucking job.
Ricky, we're not doing that. you promised this wouldn't come between us and it is.
You fucking owe me this.
What are you, scared?
A little buck, buck, chicken, winner, dinner, dinner?
Me? I don't get scared.
I'm not scared.
I'll do it if... he will, but you probably won't.
Nice. Real fucking nice.
Oh, well, I'll do it by myself.
Nice fucking friend you are.
Julian, we can't let him.
Ricky, stop.
Okay, you've got both of us for the rest of the day.
Whatever you want to do, we'll do.
Will that make you happy?
You're serious?
Whatever the fuck you want to do.
Robberies, guns, doesn't matter.
Look, just, hang on now, let's...
All right. fuck's sakes...
But you two are on fucking slim ice.
What the fuck is that?
Oh, my fuck!
No fucking way!
Holy fuck, boys!
It's Snoop Dogg!
Snoop Dogg's here!
Holy fuck, I'm freaking out!
Snoop Dogg! what it do, baby?
What are you doing here?
Man, shit, I seen you on
Jimmy Kimmel last week and I heard about that all-smoke casino. shit, I had to get out here right away.
No fucking way!
Oh, shit.
Unfortunately the casino's closed today.
We've got a bunch of shit to do.
What? No, the casino's open.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
It's Snoop Dogg! hit this shit.
All the way from
California, baby.
My God, one of Snoop
Dogg's real joints!
Take your time.
Yes, sir.
I'll hit that shit.
There you go,
Slick Rick.
I can't believe it!
Getting' high as fuck with
Snoopy Doggie Dogg Dogg!
Just Snoop. Right on, man.
That's way easier.
Yes, sir.
All right, boys.
Bar's open. Let's go!
Hey, Bubbles, I want you to check out my lady friends.
Look at them.
Come on in here, girls.
Look at the shit on that critter.
Oh my God... Yeah, all you, baby.
Let's go get it.
Come on, Bubbles.
I can't believe it! fuck, Snoop Dogg's here!
We're in Sunnyvale fucking trailer park!
I've seen every episode of your show, man!
It's even shittier in real life!
I love it!
No fucking way!
Doug fucking Benson, man! What are you doing here? Hey, how's it going, man?
Respect, dude.
That's some fucking set of lungs on you.
Thanks. Where's the weed at?
Come with me.
All right.
Fuckin' cool clothes, man.
Oh... thanks, buddy.
That'll get you started.
Oh, thank you, sir!
Oh, my God, Doug! We are in the presence of greatness.
This is literally the dumbest man on television in the mesh!
The saying is
"in the flesh", but he always fucks everything up and he'd say,
"in the mesh" or
"in the fresh" or something even stupider.
Yeah, yeah, I get it.
Have you ever heard the expression "fuck off"?
How you think I'd say that, dickhead?
Let me give you a little hint.
Something like this. fuck off!
Oh, my God!
This is amazing!
Hey, Snoop.
That joint, is that just weed in that?
'Cause my legs are like jello.
How do you function with this stuff?
Lot of practice, baby.
Come on, I'll show you.
Oh, my God, I don't...
We're just getting started, Bubbs.
All right.
Blap blap brrrrrrrrah!
Tell me you're here to sign a mafk.
Tssk, yeah, just what
I need on my label.
A bitch that look like John Denver.
Okay, you clownin', hah?
'Cause what else would you be doin' up in this mafker righ hurr if it wasn't for me?
Know what I'm sayin'?
Straight up, legend to legend, dawg.
Hey man, who the fuck is this liquid paper-coloured motherfucker?
Snoop, this is J-Roc.
He's also a rapper.
Actin' like you don't know.
That's how we doin' thangs?
N'aight then, n'aight.
Oh, my God!
It's the fucking
Oh my God, the shittiest piece of automobile on the fucking planet!
No way that thing still runs.
What? Are you kidding me?
It runs like a tap.
Like a tap...
You are so not smart.
It's great!
You better fuck yourself.
Hey, how much to take it out for a spin?
Fifty bucks, you can knock yourself out. Really?
Keep the change.
I will.
It's out of gas, too, so you'll have to deal with that.
I don't give a fuck.
Okay. Well, that's one thing off my bucket list!
Hey, Bubbs!
Take fucking noodle-nut Jim here for a ride in the shitmobile.
Make sure he doesn't fuck-tify the car up.
Oh, my God! Bubbles is going with me?
Oh, my God, that's so...
Come on, buddy...
He's all cranked up on something.
It's great!
Snoop, come check out my casino, man.
Oh man, I got to get to the Drugs
Store, you know what I'm sayin'?
I do, dawg.
Probably more than any mahfucker up in here, y'know I mean?
Want me to roll wit' you right quick?
J-Roc, chill.
I'll take you over, Snoop. fucking Lucy'd love to meet you.
Want to roll by my crib, dawg?
Hit me on the hip, hah?
You know what?
I'mma holler at you when I want to come by and watch Family Feud or a motherfuckin' episode of M A S H.
Yeah, but M A S H was tight though, ain't it?
Hi, Rand!
What's going on,
Mr. Lahey?
I need you to help me get some dirt on Julian.
No can do, Mr. Lahey. I'm staying out of this shit.
But, Randy, you don't understand.
It's bad!
Barb's got me by the short and curlies.
She's holding a secret over me and she's going to expose it, unless I play balls with her and help her with her Julian shit...
Tell me the secret and I'll tell you if I can help you out.
No can do, Randers.
Neither can I!
Listen, it happened a long time ago, Randy!
It's going to fucking ruin a lot of people's lives unless you help me.
Look, I'm begging you, bud!
You're wasted, aren't you, Mr. Lahey?
No, no, Randy.
I'm right in the pocket, bud.
Blow. Blow on your machine, then.
It must be the batteries.
I'm not wasted,
Yeah, like I haven't heard that before!
Look, I swear I'm not fucking wasted!
Piece of shit.
Oh, wow!
This is crazy!
This is so historical, it's... it's art!
Oh, I don't want to touch anything and... make it clean.
Oh, you can see through the floorboards!
That's... Oh, yeah, that rotted out years ago.
Oh, my gosh!
And Ricky lives in this car sometimes?
Oh, yeah, he loves it in here.
You know, all the cigarette lighters.
Yeah? And this is how he showers?
Yeah, sometimes.
Sometimes he just lets her drop, you know.
Yeah, okay.
Well, you know,
I'd love to go haul some shopping carts with you if you're
Well, if you want to, we could probably do that.
We could do a   -   split on anything we make.
No, no, no.
You keep all the money.
It's just something on my list.
I've got to do it.
I never turn down free labour.
Let's do... Just wait.
Maybe we can make a deal.
I'm playing at the Legion tomorrow in the open mic contest.
If you guys aren't doing anything, maybe you and Snoop and
Doug could come and see me.
Maybe... No. That sounds lame.
Sorry, we can't.
I'm fucking with you! Of course, we'll be there!
I'll talk to Snoop!
I'll talk to Doug!
I've never even been to a legion!
Of course we're going to be there for you!
My God!
Oh, decent! Decent!
My bird's doing that!
Of course it is!
Man, Lucy's going to be so excited to meet you.
She's wanted to bang you since Ginger Juice came out.
Are you sure it's cool for me to meet her today?
Of course, man, me and Lucy are tight.
Lucy, are you in here?
Ricky, shut the fuck up!
You're going to wake up the baby.
If you don't have any money, fuck off.
Lucy, I'll fuck off in a minute.
Look, there's someone here I want you to meet.
You make me look like a dick.
Get out here!
Are a dick, Rick. Lucy, please.
There's someone here
I want you to meet.
They need a bunch of stuff.
Can you please come out and get it?
Just get it
I don't know where the fuck you keep everything these days.
You never let me in here.
What the fuck!
Oh, fuck!
Will you two please calm the fuck down?
You just woke Moe up!
It's Snoop?
It's fucking Snoop.
Please just come over here and get my friend here what he needs!
How you all doing? Hi.
Sunnyvale's finest, huh? Hi.
It's a pleasure to finally meet you beautiful ladies.
Um, would you like anything?
Actually I want a little bit of everything and, um, put it all in one big bag
'cause we're going to blow the roof off of Sunnyvale tonight, baby.
Oh, yeah.
A little bit of everything?
Like, everything everything?
Everything. Everything.
Put some of everything in the bag, man.
Okay, I mean, as awesome as that sounds, I mean, that much can't be all-inclusively all included.
That's fucking crazy.
Look, man, that's why the fuck I came, right?
Oh, my fuck!
No, I'm just fucking with you.
Put it on my tab.
Yeah, okay.
You're going to pay for all this?
I'mma pay for it, baby. Man!
I pay like I weigh.
You understand me?
We're going to have some fun tonight, Rick.
Don't you worry about a motherfucking thing. fuck, we'll give you whatever you want.
What kind of fun are you guys going to be getting into?
Some real, grown, groovy, shooby-dooby, after the movie,
Shaggy and Scooby, snooby-dooby fun.
I like movies.
Yeah, baby.
Yeah, we could put on
Coalminer's Daughter And Son.
Oh-h... Yeah, let you watch some of that.
What y'all gonna do about that baby in the back?
Anybody gonna get little Moe?
Oh, yeah!
You should go... go see.
You want me to deal with Moe?
Go see the... You know, you're so good with him and...
Yeah, go ahead and check him out.
So, Snoop, do you like... do you like this?
Do you want this? I like it...
Yeah, I really want... Yes.
Do you want me to give that to you?
Yes, I like the way you hold that.
It's me, Jim Lahey!
What can I do for you, Jim?
How's that tent working out?
Leslie, I'm in the middle of a battle right now.
I could really use your help, buddy.
Jesus Christ, Jim, you're drunk.
It smells like single malt scotch.
Oh, good call. You're right.
But I'm not drunk.
I have a machine... I've got a little machine...
I'm sorry, Jim, but I do need you off the premises.
I have customers here.
Jim, you have a horrible disease.
And I wish that
I could help you but unfortunately I'm still struggling with my own demons.
Leslie, what kind of soldier doesn't answer the call of duty?
You're a goddamn war hero!
I was no war hero, Jim. I was a private and a medic.
You're a doctor? Goddammit,
Jim, I'm no doctor!
I was a nurse.
And a drunk.
Now please... leave.
Go home.
Get sober!
Suit yourself,
Nurse Batshit!
Nursey Nursey
Oh my gosh! It's the gutappotamus in his natural
Frig off! Bubbles, what the frig's going on?
Hey, man, please take a picture of this.
Just relax, Randy.
Oh, my gosh, oh my gosh, it's bigger than I thought it was in real life and it's super, super greasy!
Oh, my gosh!
Don't... Here,
Don't touch me! You've got to punch in your code.
Just because you're on
"The Price Is Right" doesn't mean you can be a dick.
Right. Well, I am Drew fucking Carey, after all!
And guess what?
Randy, you're the next contestant on:
"The Pants
Are Too Tight!"
Yeah! Get the frig out of here, Bubbles.
This is bullshit.
Frig off!
Well, we're done anyway.
Okay, thank you.
Is there a restaurant up in here?
I've got to get something to eat!
Put some of these in your hand.
Ohh, these gummies should tide me over.
Yes sir. Until I can get a steak or some shit.
So, Snoop, what's your game, man?
I can set you up at any table you want.
Uh, I think I'mma spin a few blunts and roll my dice with some of them bitches over there, man.
Ay, Snoopy Snoop?
This here my boy
Flurry, hah!
He an MC too just like us, y'know I mean?
Go ahead, boy, spit some shit for that man.
No, Dad...
Come on, mafk, don't be a mafk.
What you got there, li'l man?
"Charlotte's Web."
I got a book report due tomorrow.
Wilbur and shit?
That pig was dope.
You down with
Charlotte's Web?
Charlotte's Web
Catches things.
Just like flies
Look out.
Here comes the Charlotte web.
Yeah, that's pretty tight.
That's tight.
You want to hear me?
Let me see. Okay.
I rap like a beast
Can you feel the heat.
When I do my math I never like to cheat Uh.
Yeah, that was dope.
That was fly. I can dig that.
Y'all two want to hear me right quick?
Uh... we gonn' bust.
Yeah, do that.
We gonn' bust Just the two of us Get on the bus...
A'ight then, we out.
Finding the right amount of sativa and indica and vitamins and liquor...
I mean, hasn't been easy but...
I got a feeling this is going to be the fucking one.
It's looking pretty fucking tasty.
Hey, Dad.
Hey, sweetie.
I think I finally got the formula perfectioned.
That's awesome.
Uh, what happened to all the weed in the store?
We sold it. Really?
That's amazing!
Yeah, I know. So we got the money back?
We can finally get you a wedding dress.
Hang your fucking horses, Jacob.
We don't have the money yet.
It's on credit.
We're going to have it soon.
As soon as we have it, I promise you, you're going to have the biggest, bestest, sparkliest dress in the whole of the world.
Come on, Trin, don't look like that.
When have I ever let you down?
Well... lately?
Dad, we're getting married in a few weeks.
I can't get married if I don't have a wedding dress.
I know.
Sorry, Trin, it's not my fault!
That's a fucking...
Here, let me get that cocksucker.
Drag that whore in!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, look at that.
What do you think?
That's a fucking... that's a      series.
What's it worth, do you think?
Well, I mean... Wheels and bearings are still good.
It hasn't been in there long
'cause there's no rust.
Yeah. Still got the fucking flapper on it. that's    bucks.
Oh, shit!
I thought today was going to be a shit-show, you know, and Tom said he wanted to go hauling carts.
I thought oh, yeah, I'll be fucking babysitting him.
You know, fancy guy from Hollywood.
Then it starts raining horse cocks and I mean, normally I'd pack it in 'cause, you know, it gets dangerous, you could get blasted with lightning.
But he was a trooper.
He wanted to stay out and the next thing you know, he throws out the claw and he gets a fucking
Perfect condition.
He's a fucking natural.
This is a perfect day!
Look at the weather, it's perfectly shitty!
It's exactly like
I dreamed it!
Come on, load it up!
Load it up!
Yeah, load 'er up.
All right!
You're all cranked up on something, are you?
Let's go buy some cocks of pepperoni!
Look at that.
She's not a bad one.
Do you need help unloading it?
Oh, no. I can deal with that dirty bitch.
Okay. Well, it's been a perfect day, hasn't it?
It is perfect.
All right!
Julian! Get the fuck over here!
You too, Bubbles!
I'm serious, you fucking dicks!
Get the fuck over here now!
What is going on,
Ricky? Are you okay?
No, I'm not fucking okay!
What's up, man?
I'm kind of busy.
Oh, you're busy, are you?
My daughter's in there, really upset over this fucking wedding money bullshit and I don't blame her. Lucy's losing her fucking mind.
Says if I don't have $ ,    cash, can't get back in the fucking trailer.
So you'd better find it right the fuck now! Rick...
Don't fucking
"Ricky" me!
You guys promised me!
Even you, Bubbles!
And you fucked me!
Listen, Rick.
Snoop and Doug are up there gambling right now.
They've got wads of cash on the table.
You're going to get your fucking money tonight, man.
I promise you.
See, Ricky?
All right. I'm fucking trusting you guys.
You've got to be fucking kidding me.
Good luck dealing with this shit, Julian.
What the fuck do you want?
Oh, hello to you too!
Uh, I just stopped by to make sure that you weren't destroying my park before I get it back, Julian.
Randy, what the fuck?
I told them they weren't allowed in the park, Julian, but this bitch almost ran me over.
Hey, hey!
What did you just call me?
Whatever the frig I want to call you.
I'm sick of getting pushed around by you three bitches!
'Kay, Randy, what you going to do about it?
Do you want a fucking piece of this?
Well, maybe I do.
No, he doesn't.
Come on, calm down, you guys.
Randy, you don't got to take your pants off.
Fight, Candy!
Come on! You want some of this?
Do you want some?
This place is a motherfuckin' trip!
Hey, y'all, we takin' bets!
Randy versus... What's your name, baby?
Okay, Candy.
I got     on candy.
I got     on Candy.
Who's got money on Randy?
Holy shit, the fucking rumours are true!
Fire up that camera!
Who's got money on Randy? Come on!
I'm Steve Rogers here at the Sunnyvale trailer park where one of the biggest music icons in the industry is here...
No, no, no...
Hey, put the camera down!
Steve, what the fuck?
This is private property.
Oh, my God!
Come on, Julian...
It's that Channel news dick!
You're the one who gave everybody crabs!
How are you doin', buddy!
Thanks a lot.
Come on, Julian!
Snoop. Snoop. Snoop... Steve.
No, no, no...
Look, I'm a huge fan.
You wouldn't mind answering a couple of questions, would you?
For Channel   ... Get the fuck off my property!
Our viewers... they'd fucking lose their minds.
Just a short interview. I love giving interviews to small guys like yourself.
Y'all actually give a fuck.
Let's go. Let's get it.
Ah, it's great.
Steve Rogers here at Sunnyvale trailer park with internationally-acclaimed recording artist, Snoop.
Snoop, how are you enjoying your time here?
Are these people treating you well?
Say, man, this is one of the best places in the motherfucking world, man.
Disneyland ain't got shit on this place here, man. if I could move here and buy this place... shit!
I would.
Hey! I would too, man!
We love it here!
We'd like to film
"Soul Plane  " here.
Let's get it started.
Yes, sir!
Will you guys break it up!
You go, girl!
Get off him!
Lucy! Lucy!
Where in the...
Get fucking off me!
Julian, where the fuck is the wedding money, huh?
You're going to have it tonight, Lucy.
Oh, yeah?
You think that just because you've been running here for so long, you think you can just walk over fucking me!
Ricky, would you control her?
He can't control me!
Well, it's your fuck-up.
Not my problem, is it? What the fuck are you talking about?
You said you'd have the money, it wasn't yours to take.
You're going to have the fucking money tonight, I said!
I've answered all your questions, Steve.
Now you going to give me some space.
Hey Julian, I thought you said this place was gated and shit, man.
Steve, I told you guys to leave. Leave!
Get out of here!
Must be fucking proud of yourself, huh?
You fucking home-wrecker!
What the fuck was I thinking? fuck all of you!
Okay, enough, Lucy!
I'm fucking sorry!
I trusted Julian and Bubbles and realize that was a big fucking mistake.
They fucked me like a pack of dogs trying to fuck a horse!
You know what? fuck it.
I'll go rob a place right now and make this right.
By myself, right, dicks?
Ricky, man, come on. No, Julian! fuck off!
What kind of a friend borrows his best friend's daughter's wedding money and doesn't fucking pay it back?
Piece of fucking shit friends!
You know what? You hang out with these guys, so you are a fucking piece of shit!
She can't even buy a fucking wedding dress, man.
You know what?
We're done. fuck yourself.
And you too, Bubbs!
I don't need this fucking bullshit!
Come on. if I don't go to jail,
I'll be back with your money in a half an hour.
Thanks, boys!
Thanks a lot!
Rick, Rick, Rick, man!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Did I hear that right?
You borrowed Trinity's wedding money and you didn't pay it back?
Yeah. They fucked our friendship forever over fucking money!
That's real, real nice, guys!
How much money are we talking about?
A lot. $ ,   .
It only costs $ ,    for a fucking wedding in this town?
Are you sh1tting me?
I have literally spent millions of dollars on weddings.
Oh, my God, we can't let $ , ruin what you guys have!
I'm having a great time!
I should be a part of the wedding!
You are a good fucking guy.
Oh, thanks, buddy.
That means a lot.
Not like you two dicks!
Thank you so much.
I don't even know...
Oh, you bet.
Okay... All right. I'm sorry.
Okay, okay.
Okay, okay. Ricky, you're a goddamn lucky man.
I know I am.
Randy, you fucking bitch! Tap out!
Finish this motherfucker off, Candy.
All right, break it up, break it up, you guys!
Randy, tap out!
Tap out, Randy!
Randy, you're fighting a woman!
Tap out!
Kick his ass!
Choke his ass out!
Tap out!
Yeah, choke his ass out.
This motherfucker's over, man.
Pay up, man.
Y'all pay up.
Randy, that was pathetic!
Nice to meet you, though.
My girl Candy beat your ass!
He got beat up by a girl.
All right,
Steve, Barb, get the fuck out of my trailer park!
Roc-pile, escort these motherfuckers out of here.
Relax, Julian.
We're leaving.
Did she break your arm, Randy?
No, it's all right, Bubbs.
Oh, shit, Randy, you got a woody?
Hey, Randy, you're going to need a lot more wood than that for a woman of that size!
I speak from
What's in your sack, Randy?
Put your balls away!
Yeah! Yeah!
What are we going to do now, Snoop?
Let's go get drunk!
.  .
We're getting there!
There's no turning back now
'cause I'm invoking the
Liquor Measures Act of     , signed by Dwight D. Eisenhower and Jack Daniels.
We're taking this up a notch to  .  .
Got her, bud!
Hey, Leslie!
Leslie, bud! You'll never guess what happened!
Big news, bud!
What is it, Jim?
I'm back on the liquor.
And soon you will be too, bud!
Not a chance, Jim.
I'm not drinking that.
Oh, yeah?
Guess what.
You fucking well are.
God help us all.
Man, what's up with Randy walking around this mothafucka half-naked with his shirt off?
He's allergic to fabric, man.
What? Fabric allergic, what, from the stomach up?
What about the waist down?
It's just... his stomach and shit, man.
Every time he puts his shirt on, he breaks out this crazy fucking red rash, man.
It's insane, man.
So, yeah, man, like, you were talking to that news guy.
You said something about, you know, you'd buy Sunnyvale, if you could.
Was that for real?
It was, but I just don't invest in small bars or restaurants.
It's too much of a risk for me.
Think Tom and Doug could be interested?
They just might be. Let me...
Let me see what I can do.
See if I can holler at them and, uh...
You get that paperwork together and we'll see what it do.
So you want to?
You want to...
Exactly. You want to get the...
All right. I'll talk to my fucking lawyer, man.
Right fucking on!
Let's celebrate.
Here's one for you.
And one for me.
It's fucking awesome.
Here's to Munnyvale.
Here's to Munnyvale.
Up in smoke we go. fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off. fuck off! Get off me!
Get off me!
Are you okay, little buddy, are you having a nightmare?
Yeah, I just keep having this... same dream over and over about these dickweeds that are picking on me.
Oh. You used to get bullied, huh?
Those cocksuckers!
Yeah, me too.
You know, it's so easy for jerks to make fun of the fat, nerdy guy.
You were a nerd?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, but you know what?
Bullies are pussies.
Plus I got the ultimate revenge.
Now I live in a big house in Beverly Hills and those guys live... somewhere else.
By the way, thanks for letting me cross this one off my bucket list.
I slept like a baby up here last night.
A baby?
I don't think... babies do what you were doing.
I was laying there in the dark last night trying to get to sleep.
Next thing you know,
I hear creaky-weaky, rubby-wubby, moany-moany.
I tried clearing my throat a couple times, but he didn't even break stride.
I didn't know what to do.
I just laid there being quiet.
He was feeding the geese.
I gotta know, man. What the fuck is up with you always putting your hands up?
Oh, I'm just high-fiving, but nobody ever hits it
'cause they don't get it, you know?
That's amazing. He's really going to wait for it.
Hey, Tom.
Me and Lucy wanted you to have that.
It's my favourite one. You might have to wash it, okay?
Oh, definitely,
Well, thank you very, very much.
You bet. You bet.
I appreciate it.
Hey, Bubbs.
Hey. How's it going, what it do, man?
You just in time for breakfast.
Two scoops of raisins, baby.
Two scoops of raisins!
So are you all pumped up, man?
Today's the big day!
I am pumped, Ricky.
I'm not nearly as nervous as I thought I'd be.
Oh, no?
I just got to get my guitar together and I'm fucking ready to go!
Oh, no, man, you don't got to do that shit.
You're a rock star now. Cory!
Get in there and pack up
Bubbles' guitar and shit.
Let's go! Move it!
Get the fuck in there!
I've got my own roadies now!
You big time now, baby.
You might be able to get you some bling, man.
Some ice, some gold, silver...
Look at the flick of the wrist.
I should get some bling?
You motherfucking right.
I'm glad you're pumped, man. I thought you'd be a lot more nervous.
You really didn't get a chance to practice as much as you usually do, did you?
And won't there be, like, a lot more people here than you're used to playing in front of?
I woke up this morning all excited.
I had an excitement boner like that.
Then Ricky started fucking... blabbing and down she went!
Now I'm nervous!
I didn't even think of that until you said it.
Thanks a lot.
Now I'm getting all... look, I'm all jinkety-janged!
No, no, no.
You can't be getting nervous on us, homie.
We're all gonna be there.
We got your back.
You guys are really going to come?
We wouldn't miss it for the world, Bub-buddy. Yeah!
Hey, is there going to be any, like, uh... food around here at any point that we could eat?
You haven't eaten yet?
All they have to eat around here is edibles.
It's like heaven at first, but it's like you're at Willy
Wonka's Chocolate Factory.
After a couple days, you want something other than candy.
It's a piece of shit!
Yeah, I'll draw up that Letter of Intent.
All right, cool.
That heavy hitter of a fucking lawyer did some digging and precedents and shit.
Oh-ho-ho-ho, that ass-pincher knows contract law like the back of his cock!
Okay, so what are you fucking saying?
Doesn't look good.
I thought you said this guy was the best.
Oh, yeah, yeah, he is.
That's why he's so damn expensive.
Well, I want to meet this guy, man.
Enough of this fucking middle man shit.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
No problem.
I'll just, uh, I'll just him on the phone here.
Of course, it's going to cost you     bucks whether he picks up or not. if he does.
The meeting's going to be another    .
You've got to be fucking kidding me!
No, no, no. I've got his number around here somewhere. fuck it! Don't...
Just fuck it.
I'm not paying that kind of money.
I know, I know, I know. It's like getting stabbed in the tea bag with a butter knife, isn't it?
Yeah, but who knows?
You know, he might still come up with something.
Yeah, what if he doesn't?
Well, let's just say at that point your options are... well, they're limited.
But there's options?
You know, uh... a big sack of dough might go a long way in swaying their decision.
You mean bribe the judge?
Yeah, you know, you might want to start stuffing nuts into your cheeks, big boy.
Do you smell that?
That aroma, it's amazing.
Mexican food somewhere.
That's the answer.
Hola! Como estas?
Muy bien.
You are fucking
You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
And I live in Hollywood.
We're learning each other's language!
Why are you wasting it all like that?
Look at that!
.  !
I should be in a coma now, bud!
The liquor will figure it out.
The liquor's going to figure out how to get us back into the park and then we can play with our little friends.
The liquor will do the driving and then we'll just kick back on booze control. we bring out the heavy artillery.
Oh, sweetie!
Look at you!
Wow. You look fucking beautiful, Trin.
It's perfect.
I say we get it.
Box it up, patch it up, whatever the fuck you do with that stuff.
Let's go, please, right now!
You mean this one?
You know it's $ ,   ?
,    fucking dollars?
We just looked at the used one down the street.
It was    bucks! It does the same fucking thing!
That one had a big old sex stain on the front of it though, man.
Well, that's okay.
We might be able to get it out with bleach or something.
Have you saved up any more money?
Like, only    dollars and    cents.
That's everything
I have.
Don't you work like nine fucking jobs?
What's wrong with you?
Yeah, I do but... like, there's bills to pay, man.
I pay for the heat.
I pay for the cable.
I buy most of the groceries for the house.
I don't if you knew this but...
It's okay.
It's okay, Dad.
No, it's not fucking okay.
You know what,
$ , is a lot of money for some people. fuck off with that shit.
I've got money.
Here's  ,    bucks for now.
Put it on wayallay.
No daughter of mine's getting married in a dirty old fucking jizz dress.
Thanks, Dad!
Hey, boys, what's up?
Hey, muscles.
Having an owners meeting without me or what?
Well, I...
We aren't owners yet, so we got a few things we want to cross off the old bucket list first.
What's that? we would like to see Lahey out-of-   drunk.
We want to meet that crazy drunk motherfucker.
Yeah. Boys, Lahey's not drinking any more.
Oh, yeah, it'd be real hard to get him back on the liquor, right?
Yeah! Yeah.
Boys, I'm not getting him back on the fucking booze.
You have no idea what he's like to actually deal with.
Man, like it or not, that motherfucker's a part of Sunnyvale. Mm-hmm.
All right,
I... I'll see if I can get him here to at least meet you guys.
What's the other thing?
Well, this one's a bit of a bigger ask. Um...
Go on, tell him what you want!
I want to bang Lucy.
What the fuck are you talking about, man?
You can't fucking bang Lucy.
Listen, I'll give you $  ,    US.
You set it up.
Lucy's with Ricky.
Nah, nah, nah, nah.
They broke up, so it's time for you to get in where you fit in, Tom. Yeah.
Plus I want the full
Ricky experience.
$  ,   .
If anybody can do it, buddy, you can.
Come on.
Ricky! Ricky! Ricky!
Jesus Christ, boys.
I'm not feeling real good about this whole "Tom wanting to bang Lucy" thing.
It fucking sucks!
And now I'm the fucking middle man with the whole thing and I'm going to have to take a cut.
I just hope Ricky doesn't find out.
Sarah, is, uh, Lucy or Ricky around?
No, they're still out dress-shopping.
Oh, fuck!
Why? What's wrong?
Everything's cool.
There's something really fucked up happening.
Just keep this between you and I.
Tom Arnold wants me to offer Lucy five grand to bang him.
What the fuck?
I know! What the fuck is that?
I mean, obviously I can't do that, for fuck's sakes!
Ricky would lose his goddamn mind.
Ricky would be pretty pissed.
Yeah. It's fucked.
All right.
But you know what?
I just keep thinking that's a lot of money and that would really help things out with the wedding and...
Are those guys still broken up?
All right, okay. Forget about it.
I'll deal with it, okay?
Oh, fuck! She's going all blobby on me!
Ricky, can you help me with some spraying?
Do that feathering thing you learned in jail?
I can't right now,
Bubbs, sorry.
Julian, we need to talk right the fuck now, man.
I've got to have two grand.
I'm working on it.
No, you keep saying you're fucking working on it.
You haven't given me a goddamn cent!
Look, I've got to buy some shit.
Trinity needs a dress.
I need two grands.
Rick, I need to borrow your car.
We'll talk about this later.
Same old fucking
Dropped her.
Sorry, Bubbs.
Here... let me fix that for you.
I guess you really fucked this up, didn't you?
Who are you supposed to be with this on your head, anyway?
Super Bling Cowboy.
What does that mean?
Super Bling Cowboy.
I'm like a cowboy, but I'm... gangsta rapper.
You know...
All right.
Four grand!
Who the fuck does he think he is?
I know, can you imagine?
Honestly, Luce, if he asked me, I might do it.
He's really famous.
And he's rich.
He's kind of funny.
And it would make a great story.
You're being serious.
Like, you could fix a lot of shit with four grand.
I couldn't do it.
Ricky'd freak out.
Lucy, Ricky doesn't ever have to know.
Four grand could change your life.
Hey, Jimmy.
Holy fuck, man,
I thought you were sober.
Horse tranqs, bud!
It's beautiful!
Jesus Christ.
What are you doing back with him, man?
Me and old Jimmy boy are a team again.
How do you like them apples?
To what do we owe this sexual-less pleasure, Ju-ly-an?
There are some celebrities back at the park. Yeah.
They want to meet you. Really?
I know you don't owe me anything, but I'm asking you this one favour.
Come back to the park with me.
That'll take
Come back to the park? then I'll bring you right back. that's all I'm asking.
You want me to go back to the park?
The liquor figured it out!
The liquor figured it out!
The liquor figured it out!
Figured what?
The liquor figured it out!
Thanks, Cory.
Just like a real roadie.
Thanks for the drive, Ricky.
No problem.
Promise me you guys will be here.
Well, I can't promise, but I'm pretty sure we will be, buddy.
Why, what do you mean you can't promise?
I can't see in the fucking future.
Nobody can.
Well, can you promise me that you'll try to be on time, please?
I can't. I mean, what if I leave here and crash in a telephone pole and get dead?
Then my promise would actually be a lie.
I don't want to be known as a liar.
Jesus Christ, Ricky, are you going to fucking be here or not?
I hope so.
I don't know for sure, but that's the plan.
I plan to be here.
Shyeah! Hooray!
Sunnyvale, I'm back!
Oh, hell, yeah!
Oh, my God, the world's greatest drunk!
Somebody get these motherfuckers a drink.
Oh, yeah! No, he doesn't need any more booze.
He's fucked, boys.
No, I'm not, Julian,
No, no, no...
I'm only  -out-of-  .
He's not that fucked.
We said   -out-of-   fucked.   !
Me and Snoop said that.
Tom, Tom, he's   -out-of-  , trust me.
No, no, no, no, no, no!
You know what you need?
Old-fashioned chug off.
Am I right?
Chug off! Chug off!
No fucking way!
Chug off! Chug off!
Chug off! Chug off! Chug off!
Now I'm all fucking worked up.
What are you worked up about?
Well, I just want you to say,
"I promise you
I'll be here," and you're not saying it and I'm getting... feels like something's fishy.
Listen, I can't fucking promise.
Real life-y shit moves around the world.
I can promise feels,
I can promise I love you, but I can't fucking promise
I'm gonna be here for sure.
I plan to be fucking here, but I don't really know!
Oh-h, then I guess I can't fucking promise that I can do this.
Kick some ass, buddy.
You'll be great.
I can't promise, Ricky.
No, you can...
Nice one, Cory...
You've got everything fucking mixed up.
You're making me mix up my thoks and words.
Well, you've got me all fucking worked up!
Thanks, Ricky!
Love you, buddy.
Cory, if you fucking bump into me again, you're getting one.
Let's go, y'all.
Round  , motherfuckers!
Here we go!
Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!
Chug! Chug! Chug!
Chug! Chug! Chug!
Chug! Chug! Chug!
Chug! Chug! Chug!
Thank you.
Luce, you here?
What the fuck is going on over at Julian's?
What are you guys doing?
Yeah, you know what?
I think I should leave you guys alone.
Don't want to be here for this.
What the hell's going on?
Okay, Rick, we need to have a talk.
Uh, but first I want you to drink this.
Oh, thanks, Luce.
I fucking love these things.
Jelly shooties!
Ain't that a mafk!
Oh my Christ,
Guinness Book of Selection...
That's gotta be a record, dawg.
You guys wanted out-of-   drunk?
There's   -out-of-
Greatest day ever, buddy! fucking right!
All right, guys, we've got to see Bubbs play.
Come on, let's go!
Let's do it!
Hey, Hollywood
Four grand to bang my woman?
How about four grand to beat your fucking face into your cock?
What the fuck, man, Ricky!
I offered Julian
What? What the fuck, grand? You told me grand, Julian!
Damn, Julian, you a motherfucking pimp, huh?
Five grand? You told me "four", Sarah!
Yeah, well, I didn't think you'd actually consider it, Lucy.
You actually considered it?
You didn't tell me that, Lucy.
And Julian, what the fuck, man?
You knew about this?
You can go fuck yourself sideways!
Yeah, and you can go fuck yourself, Sarah!
Would you settle the fuck down! fuck, man, it's not what you think.
Uh, it's actually exactly what you think, Ricky. Exactly.
Bullshit! Mm-hmm!
For fuck's sakes!
You know what? All of you guys are fucked except, actually, me...
Actually, I haven't
Oh, you Hollywood
Wait! Wait! Wait...
Gonna fucking kill you!
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Break this shit up, man.
Look, Bubbs is about to get on stage and you're all bullshitting, man.
Man, what the fuck is going on?
Yeah, fuck, we're late.
I'll go, but I'm only going for fucking Bubbles.
We're no longer fucking friends!
Yeah, you want to hit me?
Yeah, maybe I do!
I'm not a-scared of either one of you dicks! fuck yourselves! Oh, fuck this.
Let's go see Bubbs.
Okay! Great stuff, there!
Let's hear it, everybody, for Nightingale Cummings!
Nice stuff, great stuff, there.
Next we have, uh, Bubbles.
Come on up here,
There he is.
Come on up here!
There you go. Good luck.
Give me my guitar here.
Okay, good luck, dude.
Cory, people say
"break a leg" in the biz.
Yeah, I know, but I didn't want you to get hurt, dude.
Just give me my fucking guitar.
Oh, here you go.
Oh, my fuck!
Cory, what the fuck did you do?
What is that? That's... your guitar.
It's not. It's a fucking ukulele, Cory!
It's a completely different instrument.
Oh, my God.
Hey, everybody!
How are you doing this afternoon?
All right, say hi to my new roadie here, Cory.
He doesn't know the difference between a guitar and a ukulele, apparently.
That's all right, though.
I'll see if I can play this thing.
I'm pretty good on 'er.
All right, so I'm going to start off here with a little track by Willie Nelson.
Here we go. Oh, oh, oh!
Excuse me, uh...
Okay, apparently, uh, it's only original music allowed in the contest.
I was unaware of that.
So I'm going to see what I can...
Oh, excuse me, also, well, we have...
There's, uh, a special on hot chicken and hot turkey all afternoon! Whoo!
All right then.
Chicken sandwich just got a bigger cheer than I did.
Okay. Just hang on here.
Where's the cord?
How do you make this thing...
That's a nice country beat there.
Okay, let's get clapping.
Here we go!
Holy fuck!
That's a terrible song!
Just wait, now, just give me one second here.
Holy fuck!
Bubbs, come on, dude.
You got this!
Cory, you're making me more nervous...
I believe in you, man!
I've been very nervous about the day here today, folks, and I'm just...
Just bear with me, please.
I'm just getting nervous.
Hey, Bubbs, what the fuck are you doing man?
You're not fucking this up, are you?
Hey, man, sorry we late, we about to turn this motherfucking party up. fuck this!
Snoop Dogg, everybody! Let's...
Snoop Dogg in the house!
Never fear, the family is here.
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, we'd like to welcome you to the Legion where you're about to witness the  th Wonder of the World.
And you're about to see something you never thought you'd witness before.
Straight up out the trailer park.
Sunnyvale, to be exact.
Somebody make some noise for my boy, Bubb.
Yeah, see, we just came to blow your mind and give you something smooth to help you get you feeling like you're supposed to feel.
So, without further ado,
J-Roc, MC Flurry, y'all come on up here and get some of this shit.
Yeah, come and get some...
Sunnyvale's finest.
Hey, yo, Rick,
Tom, Julian,
Doug, y'all come on up here and get some of this shit.
This a family affair, y'all.
This is how we do it, man.
We'd like to welcome y'all to the Legion.
You in the presence of family, friends, and loved ones.
And this is what we do.
Uh, 'cos he's the B to the U to the double B.
And he's the D to the O to the double G.
And I'm the J to the R to the...
I'm MC motherfucking Flurry!
He's the B to the U to the double B Huhhh!
And the D to the O to the double G.
And I'm the J to the R to the O-O-O-C
I'm MC motherfucking
Sing it with me, fellas!
Sing it with me,
Sing it with me,
Give it up for
Bubbles, y'all!
My favourite!
Your favourite!
He's got to be the champ!
Don't doubt him, crown him!
Bubbles, y'all!
Straight up out of motherfucking Sunnyvale!
He's got a little hat!
Who would have guessed that, you know, the trophy I win has got the same hat on.
You and Elvis. That's the good luck charm right there, that hat. I know.
Look at that thing. Platinum hat for platinum artist.
That's the best thing
I've ever won.
Holy fuck, it is you.
They wouldn't let us in
'cause we're too young.
Will you sign this? shit, not a problem, my man.
These are the dickweeds that were calling me names, calling me nerd.
Is that true?
I just called him a nerd.
And retarded.
Snoop, you're my idol though, dawg.
Come on, I can't believe I'm talking to you right now.
You're not talking to me.
I'm talking to you.
Let me tell you
All that bullying shit, that shit ain't cool.
Talking about my cousin, really not cool.
You see, 'cause one day, you're going to wind up on a motherfucker that's going to knock your ass out.
It may even be today.
You feel me?
Uh, yeah... You know what?
You look like a girl.
And I bet your butt-buddies like that, but I'm going to shave your head, then I'm going to come to your house, shave your mom's head, and her ass...
Tom, Tom, Tom!
You're bullying him, man. I am?
Yeah, kick back. Oh, shoot, right.
I am sorry.
Look here, apologize to my cousin.
Look, I'm sorry that I called you...
Get going!
Beat it!
Snoop Dogg, dispensing weed and justice!
The American way.
That was awesome, Snoop.
Yeah, it was, baby.
Thank you.
You know what?
That calls for a hug.
Okay, man, celebrate, hug it out. Group hug, group hug!
Come on, Ricky.
Group hug.
Bubbs, I'll hug you, but I'm not hugging this dick or that dick.
Oh, Ricky.
Look, okay, just shake my hand here.
All right, Bubbs, man. Good job.
Get in here!
Group hug, man. This is what we're going to do, right?
Now, we're gonna go back to the park and we're gonna smoke some dope and we're going to fuck some hos.
But let's get a break before we go.
Ready, set, ho!
Let's get it.
Ricky, I would never do anything that...
I thought would hurt you, and I would never have really gone through with it.
It's not even really the banging thing that bugs me.
It's just... I started thinking, like... what if you did it and it was fucking really good and then maybe you for to got in love with him.
Next thing I know, you're living down in fucking "Everly Hills" in some big movie mansion and I'm oft here all by my-fucking-self.
Like... like I'd fall in love with him.
No, all right?
I'm not going to fall in love with Tom Arnold because I love you.
Well, I guess it's not really that big of a deal.
It's no different than you banging George Green.
Or Cyrus.
Or Randy.
Or Steinberg or Grover... or Stewart...
Tom, Dean...
Your dad. I forgot about him, actually.
Phil Collins.
But you know what?
They were all fucking different.
Like, you banged all them for free.
Yeah, and we were broken up.
But this would be something I'd do for our family,
And I wouldn't go through with it unless you were cool with it.
Well, I mean, I guess
I'd be cool with it as long as you promised it didn't get extra dirty like we do sometimes and... maybe no oral. grand would change this family forever.
Uh, say he's the B to the U to the double B.
That's the D to the O to the double G.
So party people in the house.
If you with me...
Trailer park bro.
Sing it with me, fellas! fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off.
I can't believe you're mad that I don't want greasy things involving you and some Hollywood film dummy to happen to our bed! Okay, I'm not mad.
It just would have been a lot more convenient for me to bang him here.
If you're not going to be enjoying it, an you're going to be thinking about me the whole time, why are you getting all fancied up like you're going to the fucking bars?
What I look like has got nothing to do with it. He paid $  ,   .
The least I can do is chuck on some lipstick.
I don't know, Lucy.
I know we said this would be best for our family, best for baby Moe, but... I don't know if this is a good idea.
You've got to make a decision.
First I was going to bang him, then I wasn't going to bang him.
It was like picking fucking petals off a daisy.
We made this decision together. It's the deal.
I know. I'm sorry.
It's just...
When I think about him banging you and you looking at him with that look you get in your eye.
I don't know.
It's fucking me up.
Rick, that look that I get?
That's for you.
Like, I have feelings for you.
I don't have feelings for Tom.
So no matter how big he is or how many times he bangs me or how hard or whatever...
That look is only for you.
That's all I really needed to hear.
Sorry I'm being stupid.
I love you so much.
Love you too.
I hope he's not bigger than me.
Good luck.
Are you ready, James?
What's going on?
It's time.
Where am I?
Look at me.
Look at me.
You're going to be fine.
It's just the opium kicking in.
It's time to execute the mission as planned.
Let's go.
Heh. Looky here, old Benson.
A lil' tool head, behind the tool shed.
I want you to fuck the dog-shit out of her.
Doggy style.
You got it. And be ready by   o'clock.
Okay.   o'clock
I'll be ready and I'll think about you.
You better be.
Bubbles, what's up, baby?
Hey, Snoop, how you doing?
I'm good, man.
Hit that shit one time.
I'm still pretty pumped up from yesterday.
Man, you killed that shit, baby.
You think you guys could stay one more day maybe?
Tsss... Unfortunately
I can't, dawg.
Not even, like, just one day?
It wouldn't, you know, hurt.
I wish I could but
I got to get back to LA.
I got shit to do.
Oh... just...
You crying, dawg?
I'm not crying.
I'm just...
I'm going to miss you guys, you know, with all the dope and the... bitches and whatnot.
You're the coolest guy
I ever met.
I just don't want you to go.
Look here, man.
Just 'cause I'm leavin' don't mean I can't come back.
I got a jet, a whole bunch of money and a trip back to Sunnyvale?
Psh, it ain't nathan.
Really? You promise you'll come back and see me?
We family now, nephew.
I'm comin' back to fuck with you.
Matter of fact,
I got something for you.
Check it out.
Walk with me.
What is it?
Come on, man, just...
Close your eyes.
Now open the motherfuckers.
Holy sweet flying piss cocks!
All for you, baby.
That's yours.
A   -band graphic dub bass expander,
Snoop tech, brought to you by Yours Truly.
That's for me?
That's for you.
It's a ghetto blaster for a ghetto motherfucker.
See, that's a ghetto blaster for your motherfucking ass.
Oh my God, that's the fucking nicest thing
I've ever seen in my life!
I want you to enjoy every minute of it.
I want you to turn it up loud.
I want you to turn this motherfucking trailer park inside out.
Oh my God.
Thanks, Snoop.
No, thank you, man, for being a hell of a person.
Who's got your bizzle?
Ha ha ha!
Oh, come on, man!
That shit too much, right there.
Come on, now, stop with that.
I got Snoop's bizzle!
It's never been more clear to me.
Julian and I cannot co-exist in this world together!
If it looks clear to you, truly clear, you would understand that someone needs to die.
That's the only way any of us are going to be truly free!
Let's go.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Let's go. I'll drive. Like hell.
Get it!
This how you crank the lows right here.
That's that bass for your face. Damn!
Julian, check it out.
Holy fuck...
Snoop gave it to me.
Now how much would something like that be worth now?
You fuck right off with "what's it worth?"!
It's not getting sold, ever!
So you're flying out today, man?
Yeah, I got to get out of here.
I got to go take care of some business.
All right, okay, I went to the lawyer's office, right?
He's going to make up this partnership agreement.
It's like a letter of intent that you intend on investing in Sunnyvale.
Just gotta sign right there, man. shit, you know I plan on doing that, baby.
Right on.
It's all official now.
Cheers, man. Right on.
Cool. Thank you.
This is going to be good.
Yes sir.
All right. Oh...
Ah, yeah, I just want to ask you about...
Got any, like, start-up capital?
To get things going.
How much?
Five grand.
For real?
Yeah. Why?
Is that too much?
Pssh, I thought you was going to ask for some real money, man.
Five G's ain't shit to a pimp.
Hold on one second.
What about seven?
Is that too much?
I owe Ricky money.
He's kind of... fucking whining about it, right?
You know what?
Take ten.
Right on!
Cheers, man.
I've finally perfectioned hour De-Energy, man.
I've got some weird shit going on.
I want to get fucked out of my mind today, me and you!
Let's get it.
My fucking brain just keeps repeat-ling everything.
I've fucking got to shut it down.
Heh, heh, heh.
What? You still mad at me?
What the fuck do you think?
Look, man. Rick.
You and Lucy fucking figure this out yourselves, okay.
I had nothing to do with it.
It was all fucking Sarah.
All right?
It cancels itself out.
What cancels out?
It cancels out, man.
Is that how that works, Bubs?
Well, technically, Ricky, you know, with the reversal of... things and you know... Yeah...
Look, here, brah.
,    bucks.
,    bucks?
I threw    bucks interest in there too.
Right, we cool?
Right on!
Awesome, man!
Okay, Bubs, we've got to go.
I don't want that shit, man, I'm too busy.
I can't take that, Ricky.
I'll shit myself.
It's me and you.
Ready to get smiley?
Let's get it, baby.
This is so great, Lucy.
I can't believe it!
So greasy. I mean...
Rick and I banged in the bathroom here, like, once.
I don't know how this is the full Sunnyvale experience that you keep talking about, but...
Oh, no, no, no! I don't want to bang you in here.
I just thought we'd stop by for...
What does Ricky call them?
Sweet and power chicken balls, you know?
The good kind.
Eight bucks.
Chicken fingers is what they're called.
Listen, can we just please just go somewhere and get this over with?
Oh my God!
That's so great!
You're nagging me like you nag Ricky!
Oh, this is so real!
I love it! Let's go!
Hey, it's the dick shit!
Hey, what's up, you fucker?
Hey, man.
Here, have some.
No, I'm good.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh!
What are you?
Some kind of... pussy?
What? Pu...
I'm not a fucking pussy!
Puss puss puss puss puss puss puss!
Oh, this is what you do, is it?
Give me... here!
There you go.
Well, I've got the five grand.
Ooh, five grand! Five grand!
Oh my God...
This could quite possibly do the trick!
What the fuck do you mean, possibly?
It's not an exact science but I do know we have
Judge Reynolds today!
Which could be a very good thing for us, yeah?
What's Judge
Reynolds' story?
Oh, he's an old party slut from back in the '  s, you know?
He never lost his penchant for hookers with big floppy tits and the old happy dust, but who hasn't?
Yeah, five grand could buy a hell of a good weekend for that wrinkly old prick!
Right on!
Well, good luck.
Just get a hold of us when you're done.
Buh, buh, buh...
No, no, what?
You still have to go to the courthouse.
What? Yeah! Why?
Look, I'm bribing a judge here. Okay?
I'm not buying you safe passage out of Bangkok.
You have to pretend it's a real court case.
I'm not going to fucking court!
Have to.
Well, I don't, You...
No, no, no!
You do have to go.
If I'm doing this, you're going to court with me.
Damn straight!
Now, listen.
I'm going down to the courthouse to meet up with Reynolds.
So I'll meet you wad-gobblers inside.
Yes? Ins...
Buh, buh, buh, buh...
Give me that.
Wish me luck!
See you down there!
Good luck.
Now I'm fucking baked!
You'll be okay.
Where the fuck is Steinberg?
Maybe he's out back blowing rails off hookers' tits with Judge Reynolds.
Smarten up, man!
That could be good for us.
Julian, I'm baked out of my goddamn mind.
No shit.
Oh, I'm in that mood. I feel like fucking around...
Keep it together!
Can't stop myself!
And don't forget to have your pets spayed and neutered.
I'm Bob Barker,
Smarten up!
Please rise!
Court is now in session.
Okay, Jeffrey Dahmer.
Shut up, Bubbs!
The Honourable Judge
Priscilla Hood presiding.
The fuck is he talking about?
That's not Judge Reynolds.
Jesus Christ!
Please be seated.
My God...
All right, now.
In the matter of Barbara Lahey vs. GFY Investments.
Ah, excuse me, Your Honour.
Our lawyer's not here yet. So could we...
I'm very well aware your lawyer is not here.
Your lawyer is currently on his way to jail for trying to bribe a judge in front of a security camera.
Oh, let me guess.
You didn't know that your lawyer offered $ , to Judge Reynolds to sway his decision?
So I will proceed.
Unless you have any other greasy options you'd care to pursue.
Uh, no, we're good.
I can't believe we're here!
It's nice.
Well I didn't want it to be too nice, because of the effect.
You hear that?
Oh my gosh, we're in the right place.
You can't write that.
There you go, my lady.
No cameras in here. Sorry.
I can't believe that greasy fuck tried to skim two grand off the fucking bribe!
Well, I don't think the fact that your greasy fucking lawyer tried to keep a couple of thousand bucks for himself is really the issue here.
What the fuck are we going to do?
I don't know!
But Snoop can't find out about this, man.
We've got to get him the fuck out of the park so that we can figure this shit out.
Maybe you should just tell him the truth, Julian.
Do you ever fucking think that?
The truth is fucked, Bubs!
If he finds out we don't own the park, he's not going to give us any more money.
You're going to try to grease more money out of Snoop Dogg?
Bubs, we're fucked!
Do you understand?
The park is gone.
Snoop's our only hope for fucking Freedom   , man.
Well, I just don't like fucking over my friends, okay?
I am way more fucked up than I probably should be, man!
Holy fuck, it's awesome but... we're going to feel like this for   ,    hours.
What the fuck are you talking about, Rick?
Well, how many did we do?
How many hours is this going to be?
What, you think the more we drink, the more we're going to be fucking stoned for even more hours?
What? What the fuck?
But that's the way it should work.
It just adds hours on but it doesn't feel it.
It just feels like it's fucking me up even more the more we do.
Yeah, it's fucking you up five times as much more, man, you fuck!
We need to roll up one and smoke some to level this shit off.
Oh, yeah! Good idea.
Yeah. I should get some hash.
No, you need to sit down somewhere, man.
Don't stand up.
Recline, you hear me?
I'm not going to try that.
Okay, I've got to get back over here.
I'mma blow one for the po' one.
There you go. You surfboard now, ride that shit.
There you go, Rick.
Surfboard on they motherfucking ass.
Oh, yeah...
Got my mind on my money, and my money on my mind. Randy!
Where the fuck is he?
I can just open the gate.
What the fuck were you doing?
Obviously not your goddamn fucking job!
Sorry, Julian.
I can't exactly control when I need to have a bowel movement.
Do what you're supposed to do or you're fired!
Well, go ahead, fire me, then!
Do you want me to fucking fire you, huh?
Ricky, what are you doing?
It's like the Luke Skytalker's thing that just...
It hovers, man.
Oh, my God. You didn't drink all of those?
Snoop drank most of them, man.
I dropped one or two, maybe three.
Oh, my God,
Ricky, get up!
I'm fine.
I think seven is too much.
Much too much.
But, hey, I love it. fucked up, baby.
Seven of them. One of these could take down a fucking horse.
So, Snoop, what time you guys rolling out?
We supposed to be dipping out as soon as Tom finishes... taking his dick in.
No offence.
None taken.
My nipples, boys, they feeling like diamond fucking erasers.
It's all I can feel right now.
I'm fucked up too, Rick. I might have to stay... extra day or two.
Yeah, ha ha!
Yeah, that'd be awesome if you stayed! Yeah.
Stay, man?
I don't know, man.
We got the fucking fog rolling in.
Yeah, Nova Scotia fog.
When it rolls in, man, it fucks everything up.
Shuts down the airports.
You'll be here for days.
I'd love to have you, man, but I don't know if you want to be stuck here for a few more days.
TNA, motherfucker.
Change of plans.
We got to roll out.
They got some Nova Scotia fog bullshit
I'm not trying to get caught up in.
Yeah, hit me back, quick and fast.
Bubbs, rub it.
Just rub it.
It's fucking awesome.
Bubs, don't rub his nipples, man. fuck off, Ricky.
Yeah, holla at me.
Yeah, just come, pick me up on the way out.
There's going to be one more person in the jet, though.
JROC's heart it's true, he's a pal and a confidant.
And I will always thank him for being a friend.
But Doug Benson, he lives in a deluxe apartment in the sky.
So, I mean it's Hollywood.
Ready to go to Hollywood?
S, s!
Ha ha ha!
I used to think that being trailer park supervisor was all I ever really wanted but I just don't know.
Things were just so much simpler when I was the assistant trailer park supervisor and Mr. Lahey was...
What the frig? fuck you, Randy!
Friggin' bitches! shit, it's time to go.
Let's roll, ladies.
Julian, isn't there something you want to tell Snoop.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, man, we should, uh, we should talk about the rest of the money you're going to invest, right?
You know? And when you can get it to us.
Because I'm thinking about the big picture here, man.
Like, I'm thinking about maybe taking the money and build a brand new trailer park.
You know, a bigger one, a better one.
Brand new trailer park?
For what?
You've got the best motherfucking trailer park in the world right here.
This is trailer park heaven, baby.
Jesus Christ!
Hey, Julian!
Mmm, nice tits, Barb.
Those tits are mine, baby.
Mm, mm, mm!
Sorry, Julian.
It's not my fault.
They broke through the gate.
You're lucky I didn't break through you, fucknut.
You're fired.
Yeah, you're fucking fired.
You're useless.
That's perfect! That's just one less thing that I have to do. as required by law,
I hereby give you    days to pack up all your shit and get it the fuck out of my trailer park.
Her park? What the fuck? What's happening?
Yeah, man...
I didn't want to say anything because I thought I could keep shit under control.
I tried to bribe a judge this morning, man, and it didn't work out.
So you had me invest in a trailer park that you don't even own?
And you tried to bribe a fucking judge?
Yeah, man,
I'm sorry.
Sorry! Now that's some thugged out gangsta shit and I fucks with it.
Snoop, so you know,
I had nothing to do with it.
I wanted him to tell you the truth.
He wouldn't listen to me.
Look, let me tell you something.
When I said I wanted to invest in the park, I meant you. All of y'all. shit, I could buy    motherfucking trailer parks and call them Sunnyvale.
But it don't matter.
It's about the people.
Like it or not, you motherfuckers is family and I consider y'all my family.
So once you all get this bullshit fiasco together, y'all give me a holler. I'm in.
Bubs, let me holler at you.
Make sure you take care of this shit and you get back with me. A'ight?
Give me some.
Yeah! Till we meet again.
All right. See you.
Barb, look, you can't do this.
You can't do this. Please.
Please don't evict us.
You know what? I can, and I am.
Look, Barb...
You know what, Julian?
It feels really great to be the one that's doing the fucking.
Aah! I'm so fucked! fuck is that? fuck, he's coming in hot.
I love you, Julian!
Holy fuck! He tried to kill us!
Jim, what the hell are you doing?
Lahey, what the fuck are you doing?
I've come to blow the fucking place up, Julian!
Kama Sutra, bud! fuck! It's covered in gas! Smell it!
Oh, my God!
Why do you guys get so banged up when you get on the liquor?
Listen, man...
No, you fucking listen, Julian!
You fucking listen to me for once, bud!
Jim, calm the fuck down.
I am calm the fuck down, Julian.
I'm compete-ly at piss.
Because one of us has to go for good, bud. Oh, God.
The fuck are you talking about?
I was out.
It took everything in my soul, everything I had in my fucking soul, to leave.
And you pulled me back again, Julian.
I didn't pull you back in!
Julian, you pulled me back in.
Mr. Lahey! Mr. Lahey!
I've been living a lie, saying that I don't need you.
But I do. And you need me, Mr.
Lahey. Yeah?
We need to be together, like Batman and Robin, the original one from the     s.
So what do you say, Mr. Lahey?
Can we be together forever?
I'd like that, bud.
It's going to be all right.
Give me the gun, Jim.
Frig off!
Put the gun down! fuck! Jesus, Leslie!
Oh, oh! Oh, God!
Oh, my God! Ricky's hit!
Ricky! Ricky!
Somebody call the fucking ambulance!
Somebody call a fucking ambulance!
Would you fuck off with the fucking camera! thinking about it was one thing but, now that we're actually here,
I don't think I can bang you. I'm sorry, I just...
Lucy, I was never going to bang you.
I mean, not that you're not smokin' hot and I'd love to do dirty, dirty things to you but I'm kind of happily married.
And just the fact that you would even say you would bang me...
Oh my God, that's such an honour!
And that's enough for me. fuck. All right, that's a relief.
No offence but, like...
There is one thing that I'm going to ask you to do for me.
All right, well...
Nothing greasy!
Look. Take that.
I want Trinity to have the most amazing wedding ever.
You know, a person's first wedding, that's an important one.
I... I can't take this.
Like, I haven't done anything.
Are you kidding me?
I'm dressed like Ricky,
I've been driving that shitbox car all over the place,
I got to know
Bubbles and Julian and I'm in a crappy motel talking about banging
Lucy, with Lucy!
Oh, my gosh, this has been the best ever!
Just... don't tell
Ricky that I'm a softie.
Awww... okay!
Okay? Okay.
Okay, now I'm becoming a hardie.
All right!
Okay, I'm sorry.
The track pants and the mallet, it's hard to hide it, you know.
All right. Well...
Listen, do you think I'll see you guys again some day?
I mean, that would be nice, right?
That would be nice, right? Oh!
Thank you.
You know, hypothetical.
If you'd have met me before you met Ricky, do you think that there's any chance that you and I would've...
Lucy, you've got to stop what you're doing!
Yeah? What the fuck do you want?
Lucy, you've got to come with me.
Okay, I've... got to go.
Go ahead.
I'm going to stay. I...
I paid for the room...
Going to stay here, and jerk off.
I can't fucking believe this.
I can't believe it.
I should have been in there right on him.
I should have did something.
I could have saved him.
Bubs, there's nothing anybody could have done, okay?
Ricky is alive.
Oh, thank God. Okay.
But I'm afraid it's not good news.
What do you mean?
The bullet fragment entered the edge of the temporal lobe but we're unable to retrieve it.
I've never seen anything like it.
He is breathing on his own but there's been no brain activity since he came in.
He shouldn't be alive.
Oh, my God!
Just wait, Ricky's brain's not very active on the best of days.
Just so you know.
And he was really, really high when he got hit.
Could that be affecting it, maybe?
What do you mean, no brain activity?
I mean none.
I'm very sorry.
My God.
What's a temporal lobe?
It's a very important part, Cory.
Not a good time to be stupid, bud. fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ!
Oh, my fuck! fuck you, you little fucking fur-faced fuckhead!
I'm at fucking war with the squirrels.
People think they're dumb.
They're not.
The little fuckers even know how to masturbate.
I seen them do it, and they fucking do it a lot.
Check this out.
One of the ugly little fuckers chewed the wires in my goddamn bedroom wall and this happened.
And Lucy blamed it on me.
I mean, I was partying a little more than usual and I did put a deep fryer in the bedroom and cooked pepperoni and wings late at night when I got hungry.
But I didn't start the fucking fire!
The cocksucking squirrel did.
And now she's gone!
All because you jacked your cock furry little whore sluts!
Anyway, I am going to rebuild it.
I just haven't had fucking time yet.
Don't get me wrong,
I don't advocate the use of a deep fryer in the bedroom under any circumstances but...
I did a bit of post-fire investigating on my own and it appears the little cocksucker could have been responsible for the fire.
But, I mean, blasting up your yard... that doesn't solve anything.
What are you doing?
Put the fucking gun away!
Lahey said he would set some traps!
There he is.
There he is...
He's not!
You're starting to go crazy, Ricky! fucking asshole!
I fucking had him!
Ricky, there's Randy.
Put the fucking gun away.
Put it away!
Jesus Murphy!
You pointed it right at my bird!
Hey, Rick. Little buggers are at it again, are they, bud?
Holster your weapon, Ricky!
Holster my tits, Randy!
Stand down, Randy.
I've got this.
Ricky, I know how stressful this kind of situation can be, bud.
Listen to what he's saying to me, I'm trying.
He's fucking driving me nuts. Listen to him!
You think I'm dumb?
No, you're dumb!
You're about to get dead!
Doing nothing is not proper procedure.
He's firing that in every direction.
Someone could die! did I ask you to set traps here last week?
And did you?
I've been too busy.
Disobeying an order, is that proper
The way I see it, all this gunfire is because you didn't do your job.
Set some traps.
You copy?
Okay, Mr.Lahey.
Ricky, my kitties are over there!
Ricky, your frigging days are numbered.
As soon as
I get authority, you're going down.
Never going to happen, diarr-ena breath.
But speaking of going down, and you were, why don't you go down on me?
Get it, Randy?
It means I want you to blow me.
And you can fuck off while you're doing it!
Control him, Bubbles.
Control your fucking appetite,
Oh, oh! You think that's funny, eh?
He wants me to jerk him off.
No, you get over here and fucking jerk me off, you little furry fuckhead!
Ricky! Ricky!
Atta girl. There we go.
Oh, thanks for doing that, Trin.
Sorry I fucked up the valve on the thing.
How's that going?
Two more right there.
Ricky, where the fuck is Jacob? We're going to be late.
Jacob's not the smartest knife in the drawer, Bubs.
Who fucking knows?
After Julian took off,
I knew I needed to start running the show or Ricky was going to wind up back in jail.
So I started making this stuff right here.
The best fucking pizza sauce you'll ever jam your lips on.
All fucking organic.
Ricky's growing the vegetables, you know, using his expertise in that field, and we've been cranking it out down at the flea market as fast as we can make it.
And it's a fucking gold mine!
For fuck's sake!
What is that right there, Cory?
That's sauce, dude.
No, it's fucking money, every drop of it.
Money. Get it in the bottle!
I've been able to get myself a nice little truck.
Me and Ricky both got company cellphones, brand new, which I'm awesome at using, by the way.
Oh, this one.
And the best thing about it, nothing fucking illegal going on, whatsoever.
This is probably the happiest
I've ever been in my life!
I mean, other than missing Julian... terribly.
It fucking sucks that Lucy took off.
I mean, after I almost died, she gave me an alter-natum to stop partying and I didn't.
And then Mr.Furry
Fuckbrains the squirrel decides to burn my trailer down and that was it.
But it's too bad she didn't stick around a little longer.
Because for the first time in my life
I actually have my shit together.
Well actually, it might even be the third time.
OK, I can't believe that I'm saying this but Ricky has come full circle since Lucy left.
Actually it's kind of since Julian left.
I think that was a real wake-up call for him.
And it's one thing to say that you're going to break up with somebody but Lucy left the country.
She got a job working for Tom Arnold as a nanny and she's making, like, a thousand bucks a week.
At first it was really hard but... now I think some time apart was really good for Mom and Dad.
And the money that she sends home for Mo has been super-helpful.
Ricky and Bubbles have brought a whole new energy to the park with the new venture.
And since a lot of the residents are growing vegetables for them, many of them are paying their lot fees.
Look at those beauts!
Did you ever see potatoes that big, buddy?
Those are tomatoes, Ricky.
Same thing, potato, tomato, po-tah-to, to-mah-to.
Anyway, who cares?
I mean, we have this new fucking bloom nutrient with that shit I got at the hydroponics convention.
Look at this!
I wish I would have fucking known about it when I was growing dope!
Jacob, where the fuck have you been?
We had to put up flyers for Ricky's ball hockey school.
You were supposed to do that two days ago, dicklips!
Dude, it was  ,    flyers!
Do you know how long that takes?
Obviously you're as dumb as a fucking bug that lives in a tree, quite a fucking while!
Now we're going to get a shitty fucking table!
No, we're not.
We're going to get a good table.
Positive thinking, Ricky.
Double belly work.
Look at this.
Look at this.
New label.
Oh, I like the little Italy man, that's cool.
Ricky, look close.
It's me, Bubbles!
Why would I put a stranger on there?
Well, you should've made it bigger.
It's good, though.
Oh, fuck, I should've too!
I fell off the wagon a couple of months back, and I popped the question to Randy.
But I made myself a promise: before we get married
I'm going to tell him the truth about Ricky and me.
But, if I tell Randy, then I'm going to have to tell Ricky.
And I'm just not sure how both of them will take it.
Randy: (On radio)
Mr. Lahey! I need back-up immediately.
We have a     in progress at Donnie's. Over.
Randy, can't you handle a     by yourself? Over.
Of course I can, sir!
But I don't want this to escalate into a    . Over.
Oh, for shit's sake...
Okay, I'll be right there.
Ever since Randy's decided to try to get into the police academy he's been taking this job way too seriously.
Thank you.
Everybody slow it the fuck down.
If you don't calm down, no fucking sauce.
Ricky! Stop swearing at the customers!
Jesus Christ!
They're driving me fucking nuts.
You, with that fucked sweater and the weird glasses, how many you want?
Oh, my fucking God!
What is your deal then?
Get the fuck going!
Actually I want to talk to you about buying the recipe.
The recipe?
Oh, the recipe... that's not for sale, sir.
Just the sauce.
But thank you.
I own a bunch of pizza restaurants and...
I love the sauce.
I was thinking...
Five grand?
Five grand?
Like  ,    dollars?
Oh, my fucking
God. Done!
Pack it up, Bubs!
We're fucking retired, buddy, let's go!
Just hang on, Ricky.
Just give us one second.
Ricky, we've got to think about this... hard.
This is a big decision.
It's five grand for words and numbers.
It's not words and numbers, though.
It's my special recipe.
Oh, my fuck, I wasn't ready for this.
We've got to think, we've got to think on our feet, right now.
Holy fuck, what would Julian do?
What would Julian do in this situation?
Julian would do something dumb, like tell him we're going to fucking keep making it and supplying him with it.
But then we've got to keep making the fucking sauce.
That's it, Ricky!
That's it.
You've just fucking nabbed it!
Ummm, listen, the, uh, recipe is not for sale
'cause I am very, you know, obsessed with the quality and consistency of my product but... what if
I was to supply you?
You know, wholesale prices.
I supply your chain...
I think we can make this work.
My God...
Okay, yeah. That's, um...
Cool. Everything's cool.
Call me.
We'll lock down quantities and pricing.
Okay! Thank you,
I'll be in touch.
Holy fuck!
Ricky, do you know what just happened here?
You don't think we're not dumb for not taking the   grand?
No, Ricky. This is next level shit.
I could be next
Chef Boyardee!
This is a good idea!
Was it my idea or was it Julian's?
No, it was Julian's idea but you came up with it!
Oh, way to go, Randy...
How to make a mountain out off a shit-molehill.
Suspect is in custody, sir.
Let's get him in the back of the car and we'll take him down to the station.
That's enough, Randy.
Mr. Lahey, we're taking him downtown.
Randy, for the love of God, what the hell's the matter with you?
Public intoxication!
Randy, it's Donnie!
Haul him up on the porch, throw his barbecue cover over him.
Look, this has been going on for    years.
Why would we start arresting him now?
Randy, look,
I know it's great to have dreams, bud.
But... but this is getting way out of hand.
This... stupid uniform.
And this, that's even stupider.
It looks like a coin-operated carnival shit-car, Randy!
There are way more factors at play here than you're aware of, Sir.
And if I become a real police officer,
I'm not standing for any of this shit!
Randy, you have no idea how difficult it is to become an officer of the law.
No idea at all!
First Ricky, now Donnie.
Why are you so soft?
Why am I so soft?
Randy, I'm not fucking soft!
Look, Julian's left the park.
Ricky's really easy to get along with.
He's gone legit.
Why would we start slinging shit-balls at the shit-hive when the shitty little bees aren't stinging us?
Well, I'm trying to get rid of the frigging shit-hive so we never get stung.
Back away, Mr. Lahey.
I'm backing up.
Holy fuck, we're going to party, Bubs!
I feel like driving a Roman candle right up my fucking ass!
No, Ricky, you're not doing that again.
It's too dangerous.
Every time you do it, who gets stuck putting the ointment on you? Me! fuck! This fucking puppy's still here!
Oh, they're lucky that's not a kitty.
I would start fucking wrecking this place!
Who's the fucking idiot that owns this car?
You're going to cook the little fucker inside!
Get the fuck out here!
I'm going to break into it, in five, four, three, two, one... fuck you, then.
Hang on, little buddy.
I'll help you out.
Ricky, where did you get a slim jim?
Always got one on me, Bubs. You never know when you need it.
There we go.
Here, hold that.
Come here.
Oh my God, are you okay?
Are you just taking him?
There. You're cool now.
Holy fuck, that's a good name.
What? "Coolnow"?
You can't name a fucking animal
Coolnow, Ricky.
I didn't.
What just happened did.
What are you talking about?
Well, two seconds ago he was overheating in this asshole's car!
But now, he's cool.
He's Coolnow.
It's fucking perfect.
You are so fucked, Ricky.
Anyway, the SPCA'll give him a new name.
He'll be fine. fuck, I wonder if
Mo would like him.
Ricky, you're not taking him back to the park.
I don't need a fucking long, skinny dog fucking with my kitties.
It's not happening.
Thank you very much, Lonnie.
Thank you. Listen, everybody.
I just want to say I appreciate all the congratulations and everything you're giving me but I want everybody to know: this wasn't all me.
Ricky played a huge part in all this.
And everybody here, you know, everybody who grew the ingredients.
And one of the reasons we're here...
Well, Ricky, maybe you should... say what you're going to say before the liquor runs out.
Here, Cory.
Cory, let's go.
Get the fuck out of the way.
Let's go!
Jesus, you're always in the fucking way, Cory.
Hey, everyone, what the fuck's going on?
Most of you probably know, the reason why we're eating and drinking for fucking free today is 'cause we're about to sign a huge contract for the pizza sauce.
That means we need to grow a fuck-ton more vegetables.
So... I wonder if there's anybody here that wants to help us grow some fucking vegetables?
Aw, fuck that, man.
You already burned your own goddamn trailer to the ground! Look...
Yeah! fuck that, man!
It's too risky.
And it's illegal!
It's not illegal!
You're only going to be growing vegetables, that's it. fucking idiot.
And it's not dangerous,
Marguerite. I promise.
I'll do all the wiring on the tables myself, you know.
I could do the wiring.
No, Ricky,
I'll do the wiring.
It's not a problem. Look...
I mean, we can get the stuff growing anywhere but that wasn't the point, we wanted to keep it in the park here, you know, because..
'cause we're all like family.
That's right, Bubs.
I just need   ,    people to help me realize a lifelong dream here.
So what do you say, please?
Did I mention you're going to make a shit-ton of cash?
I 'm in.
I'm in, too.
Right on!
All right!
Oh, boys!
Oh shit!
Hey, guys.
I need to buy a cellphone.
One that's got a stolen sim card and shoots in HD. fuck, man, I don't know what you're talking about.
All we do is fix phones and screens and shit up in this mah.
Since my man J-Roc and his boy went on the road, me and the Roc Pile been holdin' shit
Killin' it too.
Check this out.
Here at Roc Pile Cellular we sell cellphones, wide open sim cards from China.
We do repairs on phones.
We do repairs on screens.
We re-program.
We jailbreak.
We do it all up in this mah-fucka, under this roof, you know what I'm sayin'?
Tight too.
Just check my mens at work.
Orders is coming in left, right and centre.
And check it out.
We even got the D Box!
A mobile hotbox you can rent and get you as high as you want.
But you got to hit me up quick though, 'cause the shit rents quick.
Holy fuck, I'm high!
Come on, give me a phone or I'm calling in the cops.
Listen, man, you better back the fuck up.
You ain't got shit on us.
I get it. The shirt.
Shirts can be can't they?
Yeah? Well, check this out, guys.
Look, it's just me, Randy.
All right?
Oh shit! It's...
Frig off, Tyrone.
What'd you blow a hose or something?
It's all oily!
Get it? Because he's a machine.
No. You blew that.
No, no, no.
Optimus Prime Rib!
That's all that is.
That's all rib in that mothafucker!
Frig off!
All rib in that motherfucker...
Frig off!
Do you want to go?
Do you want me to put you down?
I came here for a friggin' phone, all right?
No, man, you can't have no phone.
You got tons of phones!
Give me a friggin' phone! Frig!
I got a phone, okay?
Right here.
All right?
That's all I wanted.
You guys have got to take me serious from now on, okay?
I'm not friggin' around.
T, put this on my tab.
Listen, ain't nobody taking you serious when you dress like
Get the fuck out of here, man. fuck. Thanks for driving, Ricky.
I'm definitely over.
I think I had, like, three too many beers.
Yeah, me too, buddy.
Skip. Who the fuck's this Skip idiot who keeps calling me?
I don't even know a fucking Skip! fuck off! I'm going to throw this phone out the window and fucking smash it.
Do not smash another fucking phone, please.
You need to be reachable at all times.
Man, that fucking squeak will drive me nuts.
Just give it a shot of WD-  , that would fix it right up.
WD-  ?
What's that, Ricky?
How the fuck do you not know what WD-   is, man?
Especially a guy who works on carts.
What do you use? in-  oil?
No, I think
I've got some...
WD-   here, Ricky.
But I've never heard of WD-  .
I've got some
W   oil behind the seat there.
I mean, that's not the stuff
I'm talking about.
That works pretty good but WD-  's way better.
It's in a different coloured can.
Look, we've got to talk about this whole fucking hockey school thing.
You know, with this pizza sauce business,
I don't think there's going to be time to do both, bud.
I don't think there's going to be time to run a hockey school.
I know.
You're right, I guess.
It just sucks.
I mean, I put up all those flyers, and I was kind of looking forward to it.
Because we've been doing so well lately,
I thought, like, maybe it was time to give back, to the kids.
So I decided to come up with the idea to start a ball hockey camp.
I can rent the rink for $    a week and charge the parents
$    a week per kid.
As long as I get four kids per week, it's no fucking brainier.
All right, let's see if you can make a simple fucking phone call today, you asshole!
Ricky, phones can't be assholes.
Hey, Darren. It's Ricky.
I got some bad news, man.
I'm going to have to cancel.
Not enough interest.
So I'll need that deposit back.
No fucking way, it worked?
Oh, fuck you, Darren!
That's fucking bullshit! fuck's sakes!
He says if I don't put on the hockey camp,
I don't get my deposit back.
I guess the fucking phone's been ringing off the hook with people asking about
Gretzky and Coffey.
Gretzky and Coffey?
What are you talking about?
A brilliant market-ling.
I put on the flyer that they might drop by at the hockey camp.
Who might drop by?
Wayne Gretzky and Paul Coffey?
Ricky, Jesus. You'd never get those guys to your hockey school, not to mention that's illegal.
No, it's not.
It is!
I said,
"possible appearance".
It's false advertising.
Well, they're going to be in town for some fucking fancy rich guy idiot dinner, so I'll get a hold of them, see if they want to drop by.
If they don't, they look like dicks, not me.
Oh, my fuck.
I don't know why you go on these stupid ride-alongs.
It's never going to... get you any closer to being on the force.
You're wrong, Mr. Lahey.
You have no idea.
This is going to help me more than you can ever imagine.
Ted's a fucking idiot.
And he's a shitty police officer.
Sometimes a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do, to get what he wants.
Okay, I'm about to get in the car with Officer Ted Johnson, who invited me to go on a ride-along.
Hey, Ted.
What you up to?
Oh, you know what
I'm up to, Randy.
Get in the car.
I was thinking maybe you could take me shooting this week.
I know how to shoot, but not very well.
We might be able to do that.
First though,
I'd like to do a little
"shooting" of my own.
Know what I mean?
Ricky, slow the fuck down.
Jesus Murphy!
This truck's not built for that.
That was awesome, Bubs.
I'm sorry, man, it's a fork habit.
Reggie loves that shit when I slide in.
Well, I don't.
You're gonna break the fucking thing.
Jesus Murphy!
Oh, look at that beaut.
Be a lot nicer if it had some fucking tires on it.
No, Ricky, the... cart.
Right on, man.
Look at all the tables.
Ricky, look, that's a      series from the mid-'  s.
You do not see those babies anymore.
It's a fucking piece of shit.
Who cares?
It's a fucking beauty!
Is what that is.
All hand-welded.
Oh, for fuck's sakes!
All right, well, worst case scenario, we're waiting for an hour.
Or if something happened, he could have left that fucking days ago and got dead or something.
You never know.
Ricky, how does your brain come up with that?
Well, I'm just saying, like, the fucking sign can't predict the future.
Neither can a people.
Something could have fucking happened to him.
That's all I'm saying.
We could be waiting here for days.
My God... All right.
Well, I guess that makes sense.
Well, you know what?
Just back the truck up.
Me and Reggie go way back.
We'll take the tables.
If he didn't get dead, we'll fucking pay for them tomorrow.
Will he be all right with that?
Yes, man!
It's the Reg! fucking... oh, my fuck!
Skip again! fuck you, Skip!
Stop calling my fucking phone, you asshole!
Ricky, why don't you just answer it and ask him who he is like a fucking normal person would do?
'Cause it's some little fucking asshole that's fucking with me!
He never leaves a message, just likes to call me up and fucking annoy me!
Yeah, I'm sure that's what Skip's doin'.
Randy, you did an exceptional job today.
You're really working hard for this.
I never wanted anything more in my whole life, Ted.
Listen, I got a new cellphone.
Oh, yeah?
I was wondering if you could put your email address and your contact
Yeah, I could do that for you.
Drop me a line when you want to do some more... training.
I'll definitely be contacting you.
All right, Ricky.
No more fucking power slides.
She's as top heavy as Dolly Parton up a flag pole now.
No worries, buddy.
Let's get the fuck back to the trailer park and get these little babies set up.
Just take it easy.
I'll try. fuck...
(Second vehicle
...in the fuck?
Racoon fucking fucks!
Jesus Christ!
Jesus fuck! What was that?
Who's shooting at us?
Steven Avery?
I will fuck you the fuck up.
Is that Reggie?
Reggie, it's me, you fucking idiot!
Stop fucking firing!
Ricky, what's his number? fuck off!
There, it's ringing.
Reggie: (On phone)
Ricky: Hey, pistol-cock!
It's Ricky!
Are you firing your fucking hand-cannon at a little white truck?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Yeah, well, that's me and Bubbles, you fucking slutty, horny fucking moose bitch!
Pull the fuck over!
Christ, Ricky!
Ricky: fuck.
Why do you hang out with that fucking crazy bastard?
He's fucked!
Do you think?
What the fuck, man?
What the fuck, you fucking bunny blower!
Jeez, that was bat-fuck fucked up back there.
I'm glad we didn't fucking shoot each other, cock-shaver!
No shit.
I kind of didn't recogni... When did you get this piece of shit?
It's Bubbles' piece of shit.
It's not a piece of shit.
It's a fucking wonderful little truck.
It's very practical.
Sorry, man. We needed these fucking tables and lights today and figured we'd just pay you tomorrow.
Pay me whenever you want, Shylock.
Just don't fuck me over like your pal Julian did with that fucking container I got him.
Julian's out west working in the oil fields.
No, no, no. Julian?
Julian's living in a container down by the wharf.
He's trawling for fucking lobsters right now.
You've got to be yanking my cock with a pair of vise grips.
Hey, Ted.
Did you get my email?
No, you listen to me!
That was just a small clip.
Unless you want the whole video to go public,
I suggest you do everything to get me on the police force.
I'm dead serious.
Yeah, tomorrow morning works great.
All right, see you then.
Do you guys want a drink?
How many years have we been friends, Julian?
How many fucking years?
And you just cut us out of your life.
Yeah, man.
What the fuck?
Real nice.
So this is where you're living now?
It's quite the fucking spot.
Look out, Bubs.
Holy fuck!
Come on in, boys.
You give me one good goddamn reason, Julian, why you've been living so fucking close to us and you didn't come and see us, not once!
Because you're better off without me, man.
Oh, yeah.
I've been keeping tabs on you guys.
Congratulations on the pizza sauce company, man.
I'm very proud of you guys.
I'm happy for you.
I didn't know you knew about that. Thank you.
It's fucking great, actually.
We're about to sign a fucking contract with a big pizza chain.
See? That's fantastic, guys!
Yeah, it
The problem is, you know, to meet demands, we've got to take things to the next level and I'm not sure we're capable of doing that.
So... why don't you just move back to the park join the company, and you can oversee the expansion project.
Because, Bubs, me being on my own is the best thing for us, man.
I've got everything I need.
How much money are we talking about anyway?
I don't know exactly, but...
I think it's in the ballpark of a thousand bucks each, a month.
I really appreciate you guys thinking about me, but I can't.
What the fuck...
Oh, my fuck, this fucking Skip shit... fucking Skip! fuck!
Rick! Rick! Rick!
Rick! Do not throw that fucking phone!
Why do you keep saying "Skip"?
It's Skype! You're getting a Skype call.
Answer it.
What does that mean?
It's Snoop Dogg! fuck! Hey!
Say, man. Why the fuck you brushing a motherfucka off?
I'm sorry, man.
I'm fucking still trying to figure out how to work these goddamn brain-phones.
I'm hitting you up for a real reason, man.
That  -hour de-energy drink, that shit is catching on in Cali, man.
It's liquid gold.
And motherfuckers'll pay anything for it.
Now here's the real question: can you hook your cousin up? fuck, man, I wish.
I've got none left.
And I'm not growing dope anymore, so I can't.
How much are you talking about here, Snoop?
Well, I was thinking about setting up a deal with Mary Jane's, you know, for, like, you know, what?
,    bottles, maybe.
,   !
How much a bottle?
Now hold the fuck on.
How soon would I get the delivery? fuck, it'd take... days to grow the dope, and then a week to fucking dry it and make it.
So... it'd be   ... days, man.
That's some quick turnaround shit right there.
Seven bucks per motherfucka.
No, how about    US, plus you're in charge of the transpo. Deal? shit. Done deal.
That's the way this motherfucka rolls.
I'mma holler at y'all in a few weeks so we can set this shit up.
I'm gone.
Holy fuck!
A deal? A
Boys, forget what I said.
I'm going to run your company but it's not going to be a fucking pizza sauce company.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
That's not happening,
Julian, not a chance!
Bubs, you're already set up to grow right now, man!
Like, how long is it going to take?
What,    days?
After    days you can get back into making pizza sauce.
Rick, how many plants are we talking?
Off the top of my head, between...   and    .
But we probably do have enough tables.
Ricky, you're not taking our fucking business and turning it into a goddamn weed factory!
Bubs, it's    ,
Canadian almost!
Think about it.
Think about it!
I don't give a fuck, Julian!
I don't give a fuck about the money!
Bubs, come on, man!
I've fucking missed you guys! I want to be hanging out with you guys.
Oh, yeah, you missed us so much now that there's fucking... a bunch of money!
"Oh, I've missed you guys!"
I don't give a fuck about the money, Julian.
It's fucking illegal.
Bubs, think about the cat food you can buy.
Think about all those vet bills that you can easily pay for for the rest of your fucking life.
It's a fucking shit-ton of money, Bubs.
And no one would suspect a fucking thing, either.
Come on, man.
We'd be a team again.
Bubs, come on!
Who's got your
$   ,    belly, huh?
Come on!
Julian, fuck o...
You're not tricking me with the fucking belly work!
I'll do some fucking wiener work for that kind of money.
I don't want wiener work.
This is a fucking bad idea!
I'm just going to say that.
But I'll do it.
I'll fucking do it just to get the team back together.
But on one condition: days, and we go back to making pizza sauce, all of us.
Oh, fuck...
Right on, boys!
Cheers! Yeah! fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off.
It still feels weird coming back here after being gone for so long.
Hey, Mrs. Johnson!
Lawn's looking good!
But, you know, we got all the tables and lights set up, so hopefully, we'll have everybody that's been growing vegetables for Bubs switched over to growing clones by the end of the day.
I mean, that's the plan, anyway.
Dirty fucking whore slut!
Jesus, Donnie! You're going to have a fucking heart attack, buddy! fuck you!
That guy's so fucked.
So, you know. I really don't know how I feel about coming back here.
I mean, Bubbles and Ricky, they're like my brothers and I do miss hanging out with them but they seem to be doing pretty good without me being around, so... you know, who knows?
But one thing I don't miss is the constant fucking nightmares and bullshit you've got to deal with living in Sunnyvale.
Okay, Motel, no big deal.
Just sit there like that.
That's great.
What the hell?
That's it.
Oh, for fuck's sakes! emergency brake clicking)
Here comes grampie.
What in the fuck is going on here, boys?
Okay, just down on the groundie-woundie for Grampie-wampie.
All right?
Ricky, how the fuck did he get that?
No idea.
Well, you better hope the fucking safety's on.
Of course the fucking safety's on!
I'm not a idiot!
Oh, fuck, he just turned it off.
I'm going to have to go in.
Oh, Ricky!
Ricky, what are you doing?
Ah, fuck!
It's a habit.
I'm sorry.
How in the Christ did fucking Mo get a handgun?
He must have found it in the car.
I don't know.
I've been looking for that gun for three years.
I love that gun.
Oh, he's got your favourite gun, does he?
Okay, Mo, just point it at the ground.
Just point it at the ground.
Grampie's going to come and get it, okay?
Ricky, be careful.
That's it, just pass it to Grampie.
That's a good boy.
Ricky! Ricky!
Oh, Jesus' fucking horse-cock!
Mo just blew my fucking nuts off!
Oh, my fuck!
Ricky: It's okay, Mo.
Grampie's okay.
It's okay, little buddy.
It's not your fault.
Grampie's just fucked in the head.
Yeah... yeah.
It looks like both your nuts are still there Ricky, but there's a big hole in your duffel bag.
Here, sweetie.
What the fuck happened?
Aw, is he okay?
I can't believe you let
Mo play with a handgun!
I didn't let him.
He must have found it somewhere.
All I can say,
Ricky, is "wow".
Not now, Sarah, please.
Let's go.
Okay, Ricky.
Let me just have a look.
There is one little tube thing hanging out the side here...
Oh, fuck me, Jesus!
Jesus Christ!
It's connected to something, is it?
Yeah, my nut!
Oh, sorry, Ricky.
Here, it just... doesn't look like there's a whole lot of damage to the inside.
Just get that, just...
Looks workable.
Well, glue the fucking thing shut, man.
Glue me?
When you're six miles out to sea and you cut yourself, you just can't go to the hospital.
Best thing you can do, and a lot of people don't know this, but you can use Krazy Glue to seal up the cut.
Works perfect.
Normally I wouldn't grab on to Ricky's bare genitals like that with my hands but he's one of my best friends and this is an emergency situation.
That's what best friends do, get right in there! fuck's sakes, that's the... end of the glue right there but you're fucking sealed up pretty tight there now, Ricky.
Ah, fuck! How does it look?
Well, if I'm being completely honest, it kind of looks like a... fresh-out-of-the-oven heaping portion of blueberry grunt crushed into a roadmap and covered in matted hair.
What the fuck does that mean?
Let's just say I'd... cancel any boudoir photography appointments you have booked for the next couple of weeks.
Any what?
Okay, boys, come on, let's go.
We've got a lot of work to do.
Get up, Rick.
Just wait, a lot of work to do? Julian, he needs medical attention.
No, he doesn't.
He's fine, man. Look.
Ah, fuck!
No more gooey shit.
We're all clean.
Let's go.
That is some of my best work but I can't guarantee that's going to hold.
He needs medical
We're fucking going for it right now.
Case closed.
Oh, fuck.
All right.
Medical attention.
That's what we'll do.
Thanks, Julian.
All right, no problem, bud.
Try to keep your legs together, Ricky.
One more time, boys.
Two parts of the green shit, one part of the blue shit, not two, Cory, and half a part of the fucking pink shit.
Do you got it?
Yeah, totally, dude.
But what's a part?
Holy fuck, you guys are stupider than fucking June bugs.
The dumbest fucking thing on the planet, aren't you?
I know what a part is.
Don't worry, Ricky, man.
We got this.
Why are you guys talking about parts?
What are you making? fuck off!
We're talking about my parts, Randy, which ones you might want to tongue-lick.
My fucking balls, my cock, my hole or my tits.
Take your pick.
Haha, very funny, Ricky.
Why do you got chicken fingers on your privates?
'Cause it feels fucking wonderful, Randy.
I'm pretending they're your fucking mother.
Oh my God.
I want you out of the park, Julian, now!
Make me.
Make you?
You want me out of the park, fucking make me.
Okay, I will.
All right, do it then! Make me!
What are you? Scared?
You want me to make you get out of the park?
Yes, I do. Make me.
All right, you asked for it.
Ah! Ah! Aaah! Ahh!
Julian! Julian!
Let go, Julian!
It hurts. Julian!
You're out of your league, Randy.
Now fuck off!
That frigging hurt, Julian! fucking pussy!
You got honker stomped, Randy! fucking honker stomped.
Take it easy, man.
Keep everything cinched together, Ricky.
You think this is fucking funny, do you, you little fucker!
Ricky! Ricky...
Ahh-ahh-ah! fuck!
Here, shoot him, Bubs!
Shoot him!
I'm not shooting a squirrel.
Bubs, give him a hand.
This thing is fucked!
Why don't you get a fucking normal-person-Jeep?
This is normal fucking Jeep.
Yeah, a normal person
Jeep if you're G.I. Joe. fuck's sakes!
Officer Randy, continuing my investigation.
I'm now located at    Elm Lake Road.
Yo, that was the best explaining I ever heard, dude.
Yeah, I really got into the zone there, didn't I?
Yeah man, talking about the colours and the parts right and shit, man.
That was awesome!
Man, you should do this one.
I think you can do it.
All right.
Hey, Marguerite.
Ricky wants us to come by and go over the new set-up with you.
Is that cool?
Oh, what? I can't be bothered with that bullshit right now!
My fucking shows are on.
Well, it's not going to take long and Ricky will be really pissed if we don't do this now. Please!
Oh, Jesus Christ!
All right.
Come on in, you little pissants!
You can show me all that when the commercials are on.
Suspects have entered the residence of
Marguerite Murphy, a definite indicator of the suspicious criminal activity taking place in
Sunnyvale trailer park.
See if you can wrap them, Ricky.
You want surface area.
Ahh.. ahhh.
Okay, I'm going to go inside and set shit up.
You guys wait here.
Right on, Julian.
What? Where the fuck are we?
Sam Losco's.
Losco's? Are you fucking crazy?
There's no way that fuckhead's going anywhere near my nuts, Julian!
You said we were going to the hospital.
No, I said we were going to get medical attention.
That's what the fuck we're doing.
Julian, he needs to see a fucking real doctor, not a slobbering Neanderthal caveman veterinarian.
Okay, we're going to stroll into the hospital and say, "Hey, everybody!
Ricky's grandson got a hold of a fucking handgun and blew his nuts off."
Is that the plan?
Oh, boys, everything's going numb.
My fucking cock, my balls, my jungle bridge, even my ass.
Jungle bridge?
What the fuck is your jungle bridge, Ricky?
You know, the place where your vagin-er would be if you fucking had one.
But it's like a bridge from your ass to your balls, and it's jungle-y... a fucking jungle bridge!
No, Ricky, the technical term for that area is perineum.
But it's also commonly referred to as your taint, your gooch or your choda.
I don't give a fuck what the medical term is!
Mine needs to see a doctor at the fucking hospital!
A real doctor's not a fucking option, Ricky!
Okay, fine.
Fine, Julian.
So we just let our best friend suffer a slow painful death bleeding out through a Krazy Glued gunshit hole in his nutsack and then we just go about our business like nothing fucking happened.
Is that the plan, then?
We're talking about my nuts.
My nuts!
Okay! Not some part of my body like an arm or a leg or head!
I want to go to the fucking hospital!
Okay. You guys win.
We're going to go to the fucking hospital.
Because you guys always know what's best, huh?
Yes! Yes, we do.
Now, Ricky, get those frozen chicken fingers under your balls for support.
Can you cradle them, Bubs?
Cradle what? Your balls or the chicken fingers?
Both, if you're okay with that. Oh, my god.
How's that?
That's fucking perfect.
Thanks, buddy.
Come on, Ricky.
Ahh, fuck!
These fucking things are thawed.
Thanks for doing this,
Julian, man. You're a good fucking friend.
Hey, man, you've got to do what you've got to do.
This is a fucking serious situation...
Hey, easy.
All right, boys.
We've got to get our story together before we go in there.
All right?
You were lighting fireworks off, one went down your pants...
...burned a bullet-sized hole right through your bag.
There's no other damages, no burn marks, no nothing, right?
Okay, let's do this.
Let's give it a shot.
If we end up in jail, at least we tried, right?
What are you talking about jail for?
You said this could work.
Yeah, it could work but, then again, it could not work, obviously, and if that happens, the cops are going to be involved. Let's go.
Well, can we fucking worry about that when it happens, at least?
You're right.
It's not a big deal.
You know. They start investigating this thing.
Once they find out it's a bullet wound, and, you know, they'll trace it back to Mo.
You'll lose him forever, but that's chance we've got to take, right?
Yeah, I see what you're doing here, bud.
What? Come on.
Let's go.
Guess what?
Reverse psychology does not work on me.
I'm not using reverse psychology, man.
I'm just making sure we're on the same fucking page here.
Yeah, by trying to use reverse psychology.
It goes right off me, Julian.
Bu... Bu...
I would never fucking use reverse psychology on you, man.
You're too smart for that shit.
I'm just making sure that, you know, if you do lose Mo forever, it was our decision together as a team.
Jesus fucking Christ...
All right!
We've got to think about this maybe one more time!
I'm here for you.
That's all I'm saying.
I'll go in, I'll do whatever you want. fuck's sakes.
We can't go in there!
Come on, back to the fucking truck.
What are we going to do with my balls?
I've got a plan.
Oh! You've got a plan. See?
Now it all comes out in the open.
This is the plan all along.
You were never planning on going in there.
What... the fuck?
Are you kidding me?
I was planning on going in there!
Then you guys started acting like dicks, so I came up with a fucking plan!
Just like that,
Julian's fucking plan.
Yeah, well, at least
I've got a fucking plan.
Here, easy man, easy, easy, easy, easy...
Ah, ah, fuck!
Something just tore!
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, fuck! It feels like it's wide open again.
I think something's hanging out.
Oh, my god!
For fuck's sakes, Ricky.
Oh fuck!
All right, we're going to move on to Plan C.
Get him in there.
Let's go.
Oh, you've got a Plan C too?
Of course I've got a fucking plan!
Do you have a fucking plan?
B... Plan B, Plan C.
You've probably got a fucking D, E and F and an L, M, N, O, P.
Just get in the fucking Jeep.
(Dramatic music on television)
So, yeah...
Like we were saying, Marguerite, um, we've got to take two parts of the first...
Oh, for Christ's sake,
I already got that the first time you explained it, you noodle-head.
And it's not exactly fucking rocket science.
Well, it's kind of like rocket science.
Oh, get out.
Come on, get out.
No! You can't make us...
We can't leave the guy in the coma, there's a guy in a coma.
Please, I just want...
Go on, get out.
Get on, get, the two of you! Get!
Man, are you okay, dude?
Yeah, man.
It's just the guy in a coma and everything.
Like, I feel so bad.
I'm pretty sure that wasn't real, Cory.
Come on, man, we're killing this!
Only    more places to go.
Yeah, man.
Let's do this.
Only    more what, guys?
What are you guys up to?
We're not up to anything, dude.
Oh, come on, you must have been talking about something.
I'm just curious.
Not for any reason.
Yeah, right, man.
I know what you're doing.
You're acting all nice to get information out of us or shit.
But we ain't doin' that, 'cause Ricky would be pissed.
Ricky would be pissed?
What would Ricky be pissed about?
We can't tell you that, Randy.
If we told you what
Ricky was going to be pissed about, then Julian would be madder than Ricky.
Oh, so Julian's involved too.
What are Ricky and
Julian doing together?
Dude! We told you.
We're not saying shit!
You already told me everything
I needed to know.
What'd we tell him?
Oh, man, I don't know.
Oh, man, well, you don't know and I don't know, then he don't know.
Guy's fucked.
Hold still, Ricky, for fuck's sakes.
This is the extra strength stuff.
You've got to get it right in the right spot.
Just hurry the fuck up.
Jesus Christ!
The fucking thing went right in his mouth!
It did not, Ricky!
It just got me on the cheek.
I know what a mouth feels like, Bubs.
It didn't go in there.
Just hurry up!
Well, stop shoving me!
This needs to be accurate.
Okay, here, one dab right there.
Okay, pinch it shut.
You got it?
Don't get...
Jesus Christ!
Keep it off your leg, Ricky.
Hello, Ricky's
NHL ball hockey camp.
Can I help you?
Yeah, starts Monday.
As far as I know, they're still fucking coming.
I left them lots of messages.
You know what? If you want the fucking spot, bring your kid money.
If you don't, I don't give a fuck. Paul's in your court. fuck off.
It's "ball", Ricky.
Holy fuck, that guy's naked...
Who gives a fuck if the cock-sucking NHL dick-dumbs fucking show up or not? fucking Jesus!
Man  :
Hey, excuse me, excuse me.
Please keep the swearing down in the store, folks.
Oh, sorry about that.
Yeah, I can keep it down.
Can you keep the fuck off and up, though?
Like, way up.
Hey... What the hell are you guys even doing?
You're opening stuff?
Yeah, I did that.
My friend's trying to glue my bag shut, thanks to you fucking hilli-billy mule whores.
Who the fuck put this thing here right now?
I did.
Yeah? Well, maybe next time you won't want to put a fucking claw rake at bag height. See that?
See the fucking hole right in my nut chamber right there?
Oh, Jesus! I... Look,
I'm... very sorry...
Yeah, you should be.
Sir, do you want me to call, like, an ambulance or...
No, I don't want you to call a fucking ambulance.
If you call ambulance, you'd probably get fucking charged, maybe go bankrupt.
Won't be able to buy my shit here anymore, okay?
Don't want that to happen.
I'm a nice guy.
So, instead, maybe I could... yeah, I could maybe take one of these no-cord drills here, one of these suck-her-up vacs, paper towlies...
Pretend like this never happened. Okay, bud?
Sh... yeah...
You know what? I'll take one of those for Coolnow.
Coolnow would like that.
Yeah, okay, uh,
I think that is, um... more than, uh, fair.
You're fucking right it's more than fair, it's better than a lawsuit, right?
Yes. So... uh...
It's not your fault.
You were born a little dumb.
It's okay. See you next time, bud.
Thanks for being so understanding.
(Engine whirring, metallic rattling)
Hey, Barb, can I talk to you for a minute?
You know what, Randy?
It would be great if you could get something a little quieter.
That is so noisy.
Oh, the electric ones are really expensive, and this one's more like a cop car.
I need the practice.
Can I talk to you about Julian?
What about Julian?
I think you should let him move back into Sunnyvale.
Absolutely not.
Sunnyvale has been just fine without Julian.
But he's... he's doing something with Ricky.
I don't care, Randy.
That is not my problem.
Well, I think it is.
They're going to do whatever it is that they're doing anyway.
And if Julian was here, it would be a lot easier to make a case with the cops.
I'm confident I could take them down, Barb.
I'm training to be a police officer and this would go a long way to getting me into the police academy.
You know, you are beginning to sound exactly like... like Jim used to.
And if you're not careful,
Julian will drive you totally crazy.
Well, maybe I do sound a little bit like Mr. Lahey.
But there's one big difference:
I'm not drunk.
I'm confident
I could do this.
And I could do it while you're away in Tibet.
Tibet? Oh, for God's sake,
I'm not going to Tibet, Randy.
I'm going to Cape Breton for a Tibetan retreat.
Well, wherever it is, let him move in while you're away and I promise I'll take him down for good.
Thanks, Barb.
Do, do, do, do.
Hey, I'm Dennis the Tennis Dog.
How are your nuts feeling, Ricky?
Want me to lick them? fuck off, Bubs.
That doesn't help.
Oh, come on.
I'll just give your jungle bridge a lick.
Coolnow's going to love this thing.
What's up with you, man? I thought you didn't like dogs.
You fucking love him.
Do not.
Do so.
Do not. I'm just saying he's going to like the toy.
I only got it to distract him from my kitties.
I don't love him.
Okay, boys.
You guys ready?
What the fuck have you got your gun out for?
Because it's Sam Losco.
You guys almost killed him, remember?
You know he's not going to agree to do this shit.
Are we ready?
All right, let's go.
Jesus Murphy, look at this place.
Just take it easy, Ricky.
Hey, buddy, is Sam around?
It's me, Julian.
Oh, my fuck, what happened to your face?
I did a little work on myself.
I look    years younger, don't I?
No, you look times more fucked.
You look kind of like a half-chewed caramel, Sam. No offense.
You guys are just fucking jealous!
Besides, now, when I jerk off,
I can actually fucking suck on my own titties.
Oh, that's... wonderful.
Listen, Sam. fucking emergency here.
I got shot in the nuts, man. You've got to fucking help me, please.
Nope. I do Botox,
Ricky, not bag-tox.
Sam, I did a bunch of glue-work to it already, it would be a simple stitch job.
I said no.
Every time you guys come around, my life goes to shit!
The answer is no!
The answer's yes.
Fix his fucking bag, Sam! fuck, calm down, Julian.
Put the fucking gun down.
Come on, Ricky.
Come in the back.
I'll fucking take a look at it anyway.
Oh, thanks, Sam.
Keep hobbling there, Ricky.
It's not going to be that big of a deal,
Sam, I'm telling you.
Like, I did a lot of the glue-work and it's all lined up, so it's really just some stitches.
Drop your drawers and jump on the gurney here.
Let me take a look.
I'll see what I can do.
Ricky, careful.
Yeah, you definitely shot yourself in the bag.
I haven't seen one of these in... years.
I think if I were to just uhh...
All right, motherfuckers!
Ah fuck!
What are you doing?
Get the fuck out of here or I'm going to cut his fucking cock off!
Put down the fucking knife, Sam!
No! You put down the fucking gun or this thing's coming off, I swear to fucking God!
Ricky: Julian. Put the gun down, man.
Sam, please, come on.
Don't cut my cock off.
Please, man.
We can work this out.
Listen, I've got actually a fucking brand new... uh, one of those sucker vacs and a non-corded... one of the drills.
It's in his fucking
Jeep out there.
You can have them.
Just don't cut off my cock.
You've got a Jeep now?
What year?
Careful, Sam.
Careful, Sam. Careful with that fucking door, man.
Don't let that knife slip.
I'm not going to slip.
Okay, okay. All right.
Take it easy.
Wow! You must get a lot of pussy with that rig.
Do you?
Yeah, I actually...
I do pretty fucking good.
Don't like to brag but...
I'm not talking to you, dumbass!
I'm talking about the Jeep.
Hand over the keys there, Lara Croft.
You're not getting my Jeep, asshole.
(Wincing) Okay, now he's cutting into the shaft!
Julian, come on, man! We can get you another Jeep, you can't get me another cock!
Either the Jeep is staying or the cock is staying.
You fucking decide.
Sam, don't do it.
Come on, Julian, there's no choice to make here!
All right.
Stitch him up!
You stay out here.
Get the fucking door.
Thanks, Julian.
Okay, release the cock.
Is there any paperwork with that fucking thing?
You fucking owe me one, Ricky! fuck's sakes!
It's been a weird day.
How's the old duffel bag now, Ricky?
Still pretty fucking sore, but it's better than it was.
I think he did a pretty good job.
You think he was serious when he said I can't beat off or have sex for two weeks, though?
Yes, he was serious.
Think about it.
You could jerk-tear it.
It's not going to be easy, I tell you that.
You know how fucking horny I am, boys.
Oh, I know.
What the hell's going on over there now?
Oh, looks like... people hanging out, getting along, acting like a family.
That's what we should be doing.
Come on, Julian, just move back to the park already, please.
Move back. I miss living with my family too.
Look man, look, look...
I'd probably consider moving back if it was even an option but it's impossible anyway, so just get it out of your head, man.
Actually, Julian, that's not true.
Jesus fuck!
You scared the nuts off me.
Almost literally-ly!
Randy, you just appear like a fucking gas now, do you?
What are you talking about, it's not... true?
Well, out of the goodness of my own heart
I've pulled some strings with Barb, and she said you could move back in, if you want to.
Are you serious?
Oh, my God, Julian, you can move back to the park now!
That's awesome!
Right on, boys.
Bubs, I've got to take a drink. Let go of me.
Bubs, let go of me.
I've got to take a drink.
Not lettin' go!
Bubs, please!
Hugging my buddy!
You going to do it?
I'll think about it.
What do you mean, you're not going to help me to take them down?
It's not worth it, Randy.
You're going to lose, bud.
I don't think so,
Mr. Lahey.
I can pretty much guarantee they're growing dope or something just as bad.
You have a hunch, is that what you're saying?
Yeah, a frigging good hunch.
Randy, do you know what a hunch is worth when you're dealing with people like Ricky and the Sunnyvale
Police Department?
I'm taking them down, with or without you, Mr. Lahey.
Randy, I'm telling you, leave Ricky and his family alone.
There's a lot more at play here than you could ever know.
Wow. If I didn't know any better,
I'd say you had a crush on Ricky.
I don't have a crush on Ricky, Randy.
Don't be ridiculous.
What is it then?
What is it?
Randy, Ricky...
Ricky and his family are deserving of a second chance.
What the frig,
Mr. Lahey?
Shot of veggies, Bubs?
It's not a shot of veggies. You're still just smoking dope.
No, but you get all the nutriments of the veggies in the fucking smoke.
Oh my God.
So explain to me exactly what they fucking told you so I'm sure.
Oh, well, okay.
Well, you're supposed to mix two parts of this shit, with one part of this and a half-part of this goddamn stuff, ain't we?
That's right, isn't it?
That's exactly right, actually.
Well, boys. I'm fucking impressed!
Pfft... 'cause we killed it.
Yeah, man, kicked ass and killed it. fuck man, we totally kicked ass today.
We explained the whole process to everybody and we shut Randy down when he started asking us questions.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa...
What do you mean,
Randy was asking you questions?
Well, he just popped up out of nowhere and started asking weird questions.
So, you know, we...
Oh, fuck.
And what did you say?
I don't know.
"I don't know."
Just, well,
I said... stuff.
Stuff, see, stuff means stuff.
Stuff. Things were said. Stuff.
What the fuck did you say, boys?
We just made it really clear to him that we couldn't tell him anything or else Ricky was going to be pissed.
You fucking told him I was going to be pissed?
Well, that was fucking brilliant, boys!
Oh, thank you, man.
No, he's being sarcastic, Cory.
What the fuck is in your brain you can't pick up on sarcasm.
This is fucked,
Julian. This is fucked.
Randy's going to know something's going on now.
Randy already knows something's going on, man.
Why do you think he let me back into the park?
Out of the goodness of his fucking heart? did seem fishy.
No, he knows something's up.
And that's why I've got to move back in.
What? You're moving back into the park
It's official?
I'm moving back.
Right on, boys.
I've got to keep my eye on him while he's keeping his eyes on us.
Oh, I get it.
The old "Keep your friends close but get your enemies' toaster".
We've got to get
Randy's fucking toaster.
Ohhh, Ricky...
Did I fuck that up?
Yeah, you really did, bud.
It's all right. fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off.
Bubs, you hear from Ricky?
Not yet. I don't know where he's at.
For fuck's sakes, man.
We've got to get out there.
The fucking window's closing.
Well, I don't think the lobsters know how to pick the locks on the traps, Julian.
They're not going anywhere.
What's all this shit for?
Just some gear we're going to need.
And look, I got... peanut butter and bacon sandwiches!
Nice, nice, that's good.
But all the rest of this shit is not necessary, man.
I've already got it on my boat.
Julian, never underestimate the power of the sea
'cause the sea will take you down.
Jacques Cousteau,     .
Bubs, I already have this stuff.
It's going to get in our fucking way.
Oh, yeah? Well, tell that to Gilligan, Julian.
Tell that to fucking
Gilligan, going out for three hours.
All right...
Look what happened to him.
Look... Look at me.
You've got to lose that fucking hat. Here.
I'm not losing the hat.
The hat's cool.
I look like one of those souvenir guys at Peggy's Cove.
You look like a dick.
Here's a real fisherman's hat.
Put that on your head.
That's a real fisherman's hat, is it?
Yes, it is.
Then how come nobody on Deadliest Catch wears one of those fucking things?
Because they're all phoney
TV reality stars, man.
They don't know what the fuck they're doing.
A boogie board?
Are you fucking kidding me?
We might use the boogie board... There he is.
What the fuck, man?
Where were you?
I was down at the fucking rink dealing with hockey camp registration bullshit and parents asking about
Wayne fucking Gretzky and all the other NHL dicks!
Ricky, out of respect to the greatest fucking hockey player to ever play the game, maybe you can't call him
Wayne fucking Gretzky.
Sorry, Bubs.
All right, boys, we've got to go. Come on! Let's go, let's go, let's go!
I'm fucking pumped, man.
I needed a day like this to clear my fucking head.
I know.
Dad, we're ready to leave.
Hey, Motel! Grampy'll be back in a little while, all right?
Grampy's going fishing.
High five!
Uhh, what do you mean?
What do you mean?
You said you would look after him today.
No, I didn't, did I?
Yeah, you did.
We asked you yesterday and you said, and I quote, "It would be my pleasure-ment."
Okay, well I started drinking early yesterday, and I smoked a lot of fucking dope. I don't remember that.
But, if I promised, then... Sorry, boys.
I'm a fucking word of my man.
Let's go, little buddy...
Will you please fucking heal? It's been a week already!
Ricky, Ricky, sack skin takes longer.
It's very tender.
So this might be for the best, actually, you know,
'cause if you're down there hauling heavy lobster traps, that thing could blow apart again.
You got spaghetti and meatballs.
Spaghetti and meatballs?
All the noodle stuff hanging out with your unit, your meat marbles.
Okay, little buddy, even though it's your fault that you shot
Grampy in the bag.
We're going to have a great little day today hanging out, aren't we?
Lots of helicopter
Oh, my fuck.
I'm serious.
If you don't fucking heal,
I'm cutting you off with a bag-cutting chainsaw!!
Julian said that him and Bubbles could handle the lobster fishing and Jacob and Cory are trending to the weed plants, so spending a nice relaxing day with my gram-son is probably the perfect thing to get my ball sack all heal't.
Isn't it, little buddy?
We're going to have fun today.
Randy, what the fuck are you doing?
Give me that fucking camera, Randy, or I'm smashing it.
It's just a phone, Ricky.
It's not a camera.
Frig off!
Don't fucking push me, Randy.
Oh, are your nuts still a little sore there, you little baby?
Only a moron blows his balls off with fireworks.
Is that right?
Only a moron gets knocked the fuck out he's told to fuck off!
Do you want to go?
All right, let's go!
Randy, fuck off, Randy.
Come on.
I'll make you look like a little idiot in front of your grandson. fuck, you know what,
I don't care how sore my nuts are.
I'm punching you in the fucking neck right now.
Oh, yeah?
Ah, you fucking dirty fucking prick!
Take that, Ricky.
You fucking wait till these get healed.
You know where to find me. pussy!
Oh, fuck!
It's okay, Motel.
Grampy's nuts are mashed up in his tummy but he's okay.
Oh, fuck!
My fucking balls!
Randy's a fucking asshole, isn't he, little buddy?
That's it, man.
This is going to be a big one, buddy!
Holy fuck!
Come on, you cocksucker!
Come on, put some muscle into it.
I'm putting fucking muscle into it!
We got one!
Got another one!
Bubs, it's tiny, man.
You can get bigger ones than that.
Oh, pardon me!
Who in the fuck do you think pulled that big bastard in earlier, huh?
Okay, that was a nice one.
You know what? I might actually take him home and keep him in a little tank next to my shed.
You're not going to have a pet lobster, man.
Oh, I think I am.
And I think I'm going to call him Little Julian.
Bubs, put him in the fucking ice.
Give us a hug.
Put him in the fucking ice!
Give us a little hug!
Bubs! Put him in the fucking ice!
Oh, come on.
It's just teasie-weasies.
Fishing for lobsters is hard fucking work, believe me.
You've got the weight of the trap itself, then you've got   , pounds of lobsters in there coming from down
,    feet.
It's a fucking workout, believe me.
Julian makes it look easy, though,
'cause he's got those great, big cartoon pipes like the son of Thor.
He just yanks them right up.
Who's ever seen somebody haul a fucking lobster trap with one arm?
There's no lobster in this one, man.
How's your cookie?
Hey, Rick. How's my favourite little guy?
Since when am I your favourite little guy?
I was talking to Mo.
Hi, Mo. How's my funny little guy?
He really does like you, Lahey.
I'll give you that.
Yeah, well,
I like him a lot.
Who would have thought, one of my gram-kids liking you.
Yeah, who could have imagined?
Um, how you doing anyway?
Randy just told me he beat you up.
Are you okay?
He didn't fucking beat me up!
He knee-suckered me in the ball-sack.
I'm telling you, you better tell him to chill out on this cop-wannabe shit.
It's driving me fucking crazy.
Yeah, well...
Ricky, about that...
I heard a little rumour about you and Julian.
Oh, yeah?
Well, if it's true, and I hope it isn't, my advice to you would be to move whatever it is you're doing out of the park right away.
I've no idea what you're talking about.
All I'm saying is, uh,
Randy is his own man these days, as you know, and I can't control him at all.
So, if it is true, you better deal with it sooner than later. fuck's sakes.
I'm not saying I'm doing anything, but,
If I was,
I wouldn't be able to deal with it today.
I've got Mo,
I've got to deal with hockey camp bullshit.
Well, jeez,
I could take care of Mo for a couple hours.
But seriously, you've got to handle this today.
Oh, fuck. Are you serious?
You don't mind watching him?
Not at all.
You okay with
Mr. Lahey?
Grampy's got to go deal with a couple of things, okay, little buddy?
I'll be back in a minute.
Don't you pay any attention to Grumpy.
He's just a big pooper.
Oh, fuck! Get down!
Man: What are you doing with my traps?
What? Get down?
You dirty
Julian: Get down!
Who's that? Hey, fellas!
Jesus Murphy!
What the fuck are you doing, Julian? fuck you!
Who in the fuck is that?
Who are you firing at?
Don't worry about it.
What do you mean, don't worry about it?
Who is it?
It's the guys that own the traps, man.
What? These aren't your fucking traps?
Bubs, no, none of them are, man.
Do you know how much a fucking lobster licence costs?
Oh, there's another fucking greasy job down to the rsum!
"Bubbles, professional lobster poacher!"
You would think after all these years you would have learned from Jim Lahey this grudge with
Ricky and Julian is just not worth it.
It's a waste of time, it's a waste of taxpayer dollars.
Sorry about the grease.
As you can see, the whole crime family starts with Ricky and Julian and grows down and out like a tree.
Almost everyone in the park is growing weed for them.
A nice little high school project you've got going there, Randy.
If you don't mind,
I have a lot of work to do.
Yeah, yeah. Come on,
Randy. Let's not waste
Chief Green's time.
This isn't a lot of evidence.
This isn't it.
You didn't mention to the chief all the video evidence that I have.
Hours of it, lots of incriminating stuff, all filmed in HD    p.
Ugh... okay.
You know, maybe...
I forgot to mention that.
You know, maybe,
George, with this evidence, maybe... you know, we should look into it.
Guys, I honestly don't give a fuck.
Do whatever you want!
Thanks, Chief Green.
I won't let you down.
I'll record every step of the way.
Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck...
Julian, answer your fucking goddamn phone, man!
The customer you are trying to reach is out of range.
Please try again later.
Why do you keep fucking telling me this?
I'm trying to get in range!
Help me the fuck out here!
Hello, fuckbrains, answer me!
Oh, fuck it!
NASA go fuck yourself!
Oh, god damn it! fuck it! I have to fucking do everything myself, I guess.
Come on! Come on, don't fuck with me today!
I've got to get this shit done!
Yeah, it sure is peaceful out here, Julian.
I mean, other than the pissed off fishermen calling us dirty
Yeah, I know the schedule of almost every fucking fisherman on the eastern shore, bud.
I worked under the table for a lot of them for cash.
Well, that's how you know where all their traps are.
That's fucking greasy.
Yeah, it's greasy, but it's a great fucking supplement to the income.
I usually don't have a problem, man.
We just got out too fucking late.
Know what, man?
Soon as I put this hat on my head and I hopped on board this boat,
I knew I'd found my calling, bud.
My own boss, I make all my own hours, man.
All this beautiful nature and shit, man, I fucking love it!
Oh, it's fucking awesome.
Don't get me wrong, but...
I mean, you could come out here and do all this as much as you wanted to anyway, even if you lived at the park.
I'd come with you whenever you wanted to, Julian.
I mean, you know...
I love fishing for these dirty cocksuckers, you know.
It's like you get a tasty little reward at the end of the day.
Yeah, thank fuck I don't like lobsters, man.
I'd be eating all my profits.
What are we doing here?
Where are we? Is there... more traps out here?
I just wanted to show you this.
This, man. All this.
What is it?
It's what I've been working towards, man.
All this cove right here, it's all for sale.
We could all move out here, buddy.
Think about it.
No more bullshit, no more fucking jail.
Your pizza sauce plant can go right over there.
See? That clearing.
And then Ricky and his trailer can go there.
My fucking trailer can go right over there.
Your shed can go right in between it.
It's our future, man.
Are you serious?
We could buy this and live out here?
You're fucking right, we could.
Oh my God, you know what?
This might be the most beautiful thing
I've ever seen, Julian.
I fucking love it, man.
Do you think we could take a selfie with that in the background, you know?
Show it to Ricky. fuck, yeah.
We'll get the cove and shit in the background
Okay, here.
Let me get it cued up.
Here, grab Little Julian.
We don't need
Little fucking Julian.
Come on, Julian.
He's family now. fuck it...
He's not going to be fucking happy about this.
No, he's clapping. Look.
He's pissed off.
Say cheese, Little Julian.
That's nice.
Yeah, the lobster's cool, man. fuck phones and fuck NASA and their shitty fucking receptions and frequencies and whoever the fuck I was talking to!
I need soil, I need the fucking plants moved...
This is a goddamn shit-show!
Seriously, you're going to fuck with me too, are you?
Well, fuck you!
Oh, jeez... Thank fuck.
Listen, man, I need a huge fucking favour right now. fuck, no, man, it has to be right now!
Like, how much weed's it going to take to make this happen?
Well, I hope to fuck this works, man.
Bubbles: Well, I mean, you're bringing him some fucking serious... lobsters.
Everybody loves those scrum-diddly bastards.
Hello! Sonny!
Anybody here?
What's going on out here?
Oh, relax, man.
It's me, Julian.
I got your lobsters.
Oh... oh!
I actually got double what I owe you, man, but...
I need a favour.
Oh, what's that now?
The guy down at the hydroponics store said you bought the last of that
Nuclear Bloom shit.
We really need to borrow some, man.
Like, bad.
Well... yeah, yeah,
I got... I got some
I could give you, if you're in a jam.
Oh, we're in a jam-eroo,
If you help me get out of a jam, that is.
Yeah, what's... what is it?
Come on.
Meet Big Ronnie.
Those two mongoloids you sent me didn't fill the barrel to the rim and I've got to ship the goods out in the morning.
Huh? Now, he's got a big pipe hanging off him, so you're going to have to use two hands.
Yeah, you've just got to get a good solid grip on her and he'll shoot three or four times if you keep going.
But he is one horny bastard.
Sweet merciful
Jesus, Julian.
It's like a giant, skin-covered tree-trunk.
Isn't there a fucking machine that can do this, man?
Oh, no, no.
These Japanese buyers are very particular about their semen.
We don't use machines, we don't use lube.
They want it all organic. So, uh...
Spit's the only thing you can use.
Oh, my fuck.
I'll hold the bucket.
No fucking way!
I think you should just do what he said.
You need to get a good grip.
Who's going to get a better grip than you with those big things.
No, no, no. We're at least doing rock, paper, scissors.
It's the fair thing to do, man.
That's what friends would do.
Put it up...
Put it up!
One, two...
(Pleasant music playing on radio)
It's a nice day out today, huh?
Yeah, gorgeous... day.
It's supposed to be just as nice tomorrow.
Oh? I didn't hear that.
Do you want a drink?
No. We probably should wash our hands, Julian, before we start putting anything to our mouths.
Ah, fuck.
All right, kids.
I want you to fill the trunk with dirt.
And we need a shit-ton, so no fucking around.
What the hell does this have to do with hockey?
Yeah, we paid a lot of money for this.
Did the Karate Kid ask
Mr. Jumanji why he had to wax the fence? No.
So do this and you'll be catching flies with your hockey sticks in no time just like that little
Mexican prick.
You are really not that bright, are you?
Can I help you?
Can I help fuck are you guys doing?
Are you fucking retarded?
Get over here!
I'm not, but they all are.
And the politician correct term is mental challenged there, fuck brains!
Look, I'm trying to start a dumb garden and the guy from the church said he'd donate the dirt.
They're trying to get to the Special Olympics.
Who said that? My dad?
I don't know who it was.
One of their parents was talking to somebody and that's what he said, so...
Anyway, look, this guy's not very good at shovelling.
Can you give him a hand here?
It's not your fault, bud.
You just keep fucking up.
You'll get it.
Bubs, what happened was fucked but you've got to suck it up, soldier!
We've got the nutrients, we're back on track and we're going to be rich in fucking days, man!
Oh, yeah? Or we're going to jail in    fucking seconds! fuck's sakes...
What the fuck is going on? separate grow-ops, that's what the frig's going on, tough guy!
Hands on the car.
Come on, come on.
You know the drill.
Bubs, hands on the car.
Julian, they're putting
Mo in here with us!
What? Are you arresting babies now, Randy?
I'm arresting everyone involved, Julian.
Where's the search warrant, Ted?
This is bullshit.
Warrants, you mean. of them. Right here.
George! You're arresting innocent people here, for fuck's sake!
Yeah, me included.
I didn't do a fucking thing!
I'm not arresting anybody. Yet.
Until we go through the long process of sorting through all this evidence,
I have the right to detain and question every fucking one of you.
Including you two scumbags.
Pu the drink down, Julian.
Oh, Julian, just put the fucking drink down.
We're in enough trouble!
Don't try to be
Clint Eastwood here!
If you want to question me, you question me right here, right now, because, unless you put me under arrest,
I'm not going anywhere.
That's how you want to play it, is it?
What are we going to do, Ted?
That's assaulting a police officer with open liquor, bud.
Gotta be fucking kidding me.
Take them away, boys!
Give us the drink.
No, no, no, no.
I'm innocent.
Give me the glass...
How about I call my fucking lawyer?
Julian, just give him the fucking glass!
Don't make it any harder. fuck it!
Hands behind your back. fuck off, Ted.
I know how to get into a goddamn police car.
You, hands behind your back.
I can do it, Ted.
I can do it.
I've done it many fucking times!
All right, guys.
Start with this shit-hole.
With pleasure, sir.
What the hell's going on here, George?
Heh. Ask your partner here.
Maybe he can teach you a few things about gathering something you just never seem to be able to get, Jim.
I was a better officer than you'll ever be, George!
How the dumbest...
See these stripes on my arm, Jim?
I am the Chief.
These stripes mean
I can do whatever the hell I want.
I earned them.
So, if you don't want to get taken in,
I suggest you walk the fuck away.
Pretty nice police work there, Randy.
I really thought for a while you were probably wasting our time but... nice job.
Hey, Chief!
Lots of grow equipment.
No plants, though.
Nice job, Randy.
This is just one trailer.
There's    more with lots of plants.
I've got video evidence.
Boy: (Whispering)
Stupid fucking hockey school.
Excuse me.
Can you tell me why my children are so covered in dirt and exhausted from shovelling and running all day?
This is supposed to be a hockey school.
It is. Today was the ground strength training day.
Ground strength training day?
They're supposed to be playing hockey.
No, they're supposed to be learning how to play hockey.
It's a hockey camp, dummy.
If you don't like the way
I'm running things around here, take your kid, fuck off and don't come back.
I don't give a fuck.
Why don't you eat my dick?
Why don't you finger me?
Well... maybe I will.
All right, great.
Thanks for coming out.
(Electronic music blasting on car stereo)
Right on, boys.
Holy fuck!
What's up, man?
You're gonna owe us big for this one, G.
No fucking kidding.
I hope Lahey wasn't fucking with me.
No, man. Five-O was just rollin' in as we was leavin'.
A whole of them, too.
Are you fucking serious?
Dead serious. fucking Randy, the cop wannabe idiot!
It feels good to fuck him over though, boys.
That's what I'm saying.
Right on. Grab the rest of the plants and meet me inside.
I must say that I'm pretty proud of myself.
Chief Green said that he wanted to talk to me.
I hope it's about my acceptance into the police academy.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Get the fuck in here, Randy.
Sit your ass down.
Ted's telling me you're looking to get into the academy.
Yes, sir. I was hoping that after the bust today, you'd give me a
Do you know what I was hoping for, Randy?
I was hoping you weren't as dumb as your boyfriend.
But I should have known better.
I should have realized that when a person learns everything they know about detective work from a drunk trailer park supervisor who's quite possibly the shittiest cop to ever put on a police uniform, that that person is going to fuck things up.
We've got nothing!
What about all the grow equipment, all the video evidence
I documented?
Do you have any idea the amount of bullshit
I have to deal with now because of you?
Don't you ever set foot in this building again or for as long as
I'm the police chief of this station!
Do I make myself clear?
Yes, sir.
Now get the fuck out of my office!
I can't believe how much time we wasted on you.
Get out!
Damn idiot! fuck! fucking Jesus!
The cocksuckers didn't have to smash all the fucking equipment!
What happened?
There's nothing illegal, eh?
I had to hide in my goddamn closet!
What the fuck are you talking about?
George Green and his fucking goons.
They came flying in here and arrested everybody in sight!
And it's all because of you, you braindead
Don't be throwing shit on my fucking car! fuck... Hey!
What the fuck did you do?
There was no plants.
We got rid of them.
I know! I know!
They didn't care!
They even took Mo!
I thought you were fucking cool warning me, but no! You fucked me! you can't honestly believe that I had anything to do with it!
They even took Mo away!
You know how I feel about that little guy!
You put my family in jail, you son of a bitch!
My fucking gram-son!
Things are different now, Ricky!
I'm sorry about hurting your family!
I promise I'll never fucking do it again, bud!
Listen! Ricky!
Listen, Rick.
I'm sorry about what I did to you, and to Ray, and to your fucking mother!
My mother?
Why the fuck are you talking about my mom?
It's useless to resist, Rick.
Don't let yourself be destroyed like Ray did.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I think you just broke my hand, you fucking idiot!
What's happened to you, Ricky?
Don't make me destroy you.
Destroy me? save yourself.
Join me.
Help me to run Sunnyvale.
You have no idea the power we'd have.
With our combined strengths we could end the bullshit and we could bring order to Sunnyvale!
What the fuck are you talking about?
I will never join you!
Ray never told you what happened to your mother, did he?
Yes, he did.
He told me enough.
He told me the reason she left Sunnyvale is because you were being such a fucking asshole!
That's a lie!
I am your father.
No... No!
That's not true.
That's impossible!
Search your feelings.
You know it's the truth. fuck! fuck! fuck off! fuck!... fuck off! Jesus Christ! fuck off.
I don't really get into the Christmas spirit that well.
It's just everyone is too stressed out this time of year.
Nobody just wants to hang out.
Ricky coming home this year, that might be make it better.
It's just kind of a lonely time of year for me.
What are you doing?
Give me my yarn back.
That's not for fucking with.
Every Christmas, it's the same thing.
This present's staring me in the face saying, Open me, open me.
But... I said I wouldn't open it until I was with my family.
And you never know, this might be the year that they come back, maybe.
Yeah, Bubbles has had that present for years.
His parents left it for them the year they went away.
And he doesn't want to open it until they come back which is actually pretty sad because they aren't going to.
But I guess he knows that.
He just likes to hang on to it and think about his family at Christmas time, you know.
All right,
I'll see you later on.
Wait. Where are going?
Just going out.
Well, wait for me.
Merry Christmas, Jules.
Got you a little something.
A mistletoe belt buckle.
I made a special Christmas present for Julian.
It's a mistletoe belt buckle.
You're supposed to smooch whoever's under the mistletoe.
So it's not too hard to figure out what she's trying to say.
I've got something to tell you.
Ricky's getting out of jail today. I bailed him out.
So maybe you should give that to him because I'm not wearing it.
All right.
You bailed him out.
Why didn't you tell me?
Luce, we should go.
Julian, he gets really greasy around this time of year.
Stealing presents out of trunk s and stealing Christmas trees, anything he can get his hands on to make a buck or to get Lucy off his back.
Julian is so obvious sometimes. He's going around telling everyone that he's getting Ricky out of jail so that Ricky and Lucy can spend some quality time together.
He's just tired of Lucy trying to bang him all the time and wants to pawn her off on Ricky.
Christmas to me is about one thing, money.
Registration, no license, no inspection.
Great, Bubble - shovel the fucking thing out first.
If you want to be part of this contest, you have to buy the lights from me.
Julian, I'm not driving that car.
It's not legal for the road.
Bubbles, I'm taking a contest call. One minute.
Julian's having his Christmas
He has it every year.
Whoever has the best set of lights in the park wins a great big TV.
Julian has got his big gung of morons out stealing
Christmas lights from the Scotsdale Subdivision
He resells them to people in the park and they have this big who can buy the most light s from Julian wins a big screen TV. Where do you think the TV came from?
Sets of lights, trees and stolen presents.
Listen to him back there. fucking Donald Trump.
Cool. Check it out, Trev, it's a kids tool set.
I believe it's got little bolts and everything, James.
Jamie, Jamie,
I said no kids presents.
Did I tell you guys that, huh?
Did I tell you guys that?
It's kind of hard to tel
I what they are when they're wrapped and inside a car.
Jamie smarten the fuck up.
Don't worry, Bubbs, no one's going to pull you over.
Come on, man, do this for Ricky and Lucy.
We've got to get them back together for Christmas.
But I'll make you a deal though, you and Ricky are hanging out with me all
Christmas day having a bonfire.
I've got a lot of paper work to do tomorrow.
I've got a lot too, so forget it, no deal.
Maybe for a bit, okay. But please, be careful with the car.
Julian, I'm not going to hurt the car.
It's your grandmothers. I know.
It's Ricky's car now. And don't forget to tell him that.
I won't.
Thanks, buddy.
Can you give me a push,
Mr. Lahey?
Go nice and easy. Go.
Put some balls into it.
Is that fucking hash I smell?
Doug, you've got fucking hash, don't you.
I'm here smoking weed and you've got hash.
There's nothing better than being in jail at Christmas.
Guards let you party for twelve days straight.
Got no fucking work chores or book readings or Christmas trees or giving gifts or fucking lights. fuck all that bullshit.
Let's get fucked up.
Ricky, you've got someone here to see you.
What are you talking about?
Bubbles what are you doing here, buddy?
Hey, Ricky, Julian bailed you out. You're out.
Get your stuff.
Bubbles, no. I've got twelve days of break.
Come back in twelve days.
Ricky, what are you talking about?
Come on. We're getting you out.
Sign out.
Oh, I don't want to leave now.
What the fuck's he doing bailing me out. fuck! Stevo!
Stevo, go get my shit.
I'm getting the fucking out.
Christmas is fucking ruined.
I can't believe Julian bailed me out.
He knows how fucking cool it is at Christmas and he ruins it any ways.
Julian's up to something,
I fuckin' know he is.
Jesus Christ!
Dougie, fucking Chris passed out again.
I told you. He's drinking rum and smoking weed.
Keep him on the hash. You can't smoke weed and drink rum.
I haven't been out for fucking
Christmas since Trinity was born.
How the fuck do I handle
Christmas, man?
Ricky, you think I know how to deal with Christmas?
Holy fuck! Isn't that the car
Julian stored?
Yeah, he did. And guess what,
Ricky, it's yours now.
Christmas present from Julian.
It's your car.
No way.
He wants you to impress Lucy so he gave it to you.
Lucy's in love with you again.
Lucy's in love with me again?
Ricky, what's wrong.
I was wondering what dad's are supposed to do at Christmas.
Do you think I'll be able to get a hold of Santa Claus to deal with all this shit, or what, man?
Ricky, fuck!
Oh my God. What are you doing?
I don't know, that fucking must be fucked up or something.
Is the transmission drunk,
Ricky? Cause you are.
Be careful.
Oh my God!
Bubbles, it's winter time.
I'm not used to driving this.
I'm usually in jail.
Ricky, you should have let me drive, I think.
We better get out of here before the fucking guards see this shit.
Rock it, Barb. Rock it.
I'm rocking it.
Slower, Barb. Slower.
Barb, slower.
Stop hold it and turn it off.
Don't tell me they let you out of jail.
Get this car out of the way.
We've got to get through.
Welcome back, Rick.
Jim gets a bit stressed out this time of the year.
I have tremendous responsibilities at the church and Jim tries to help out, but he starts thinking about liquor like clockwork and he's counting the minutes.
Barb says it's okay for me to have a couple of drinks.
Why not? I deserve it.
I'm not an alcoholic.
I just enjoy a couple of drinks at Christmas time.
You know he gets so drunk.
He can't remember anything.
He falls down completely wasted, totally annihilated.
But to be fair, you know, it must be hard for him so I don't mind letting him rip one day a year. Christmas day.
Nothing is going to ruin this Christmas.
Merry Christmas, Rick.
What is so fucking merry about it? Move the fucking car.
Don't push me, Ricky?
Jim, just ignore him.
Move the car.
How can I move the car, Barb.
The car is stuck.
Lahey, get a shovel and get it out of the fucking way or I'm going to press right through the fucking thing.
Park the car down the road and walk to where you going.
Jim, do you want to lose your
Christmas liquor privileges?
You heard, Lahey.
Move the fucking car or you're not getting drunk at Christmas.
I'm getting drunk at Christmas and even you aren't going to stop me.
You want to fucking go?
You want to fucking go?
That's it. No liquor this year. I'm serious, Jim. Come on.
What a shame.
No drunk Lahey this year.
You are going to regret this, Ricky.
Really. You're going to regret not moving your car.
I'm driving, Bubbs.
Look what you've done, Jim.
No liquor, Jim.
We've got to fucking talk right now.
How dare you bail me out of fucking jail at Christmas time, man. You've ruined my fucking Christmas.
Thanks a lot for the pop,
It's good to see you too, Rick.
Listen. I'm going to teach you something.
Christmas is about family not about jail, all right?
Sorry I got you out so early, but I've got some good news for you.
Lucy has been talking about you
She wants to get back together with you.
You better not be playing with me.
I'm going to help you out here, get you a job, a company car. You're going to start working for me first thing tomorrow morning
. What do you say about that?
The New Yorker's yours, bud.
What fucking strings have you to this fucking thing?
It's the same thing we've been doing every year,
Christmas remarketing.
We're making a shit-load of money this year.
Stealing fucking presents out of trunks again.
Fine. How are you going to get presents for Trinity and Luce?
I'm going to set you up big time, Ricky. That's how.
You think you're fucking
Santa Claus all of a sudden.
You're not fucking Santa Claus,
And I don't need your fucking cherry trees.
I haven't always had the best Christmas.
But Santa always showed up.
There's no reason he will not this year. fuck, Julian.
Hey. How's it going?
Hey, Ricky.
Hi, Sarah.
Is Trin still up?
No, she's at my mom's.
I only just found out that you were getting back today, Rick.
That sucks.
I was just wondering if I could talk to you.
Actually alone.
Sarah do you mind?
Just talk to Lucy.
Just me and her.
Ricky, it can't be the same bullshit as it was before.
Lucy, I thought you wanted to get back together with me.
Well I do. You know, maybe if you figure out all this Christmas stuff, you know.
Lucy, like whatever it takes.
I'm really glad you said that because you know what,
I came up with a list of stuff.
And if you can pull this together man, like, it would be perfect and we could really finally figure it out, you know.
What do you think?
Yeah. It's no problem.
Santa Claus will take care of all of this stuff. fuck, man, that would be
I just asked Lucy to put together some conditions to give to Ricky so we have a good family oriented Christmas this year.
Things on the list are not showing up drunk for Christmas dinner, filling up our furnace tank with oil.
He needs to get at least seven presents for Trinity.
And Lucy really wants a fur coat, so that's on the list too.
Hey, Dad.
Ricky, buddy. Ah man, it's great to have you home.
Hey, man. Country liquor from the valley, boy.
Some hoosh. Get that into you.
Come on, Ricky.
Drink it up, buddy.
Hey, guys.
Hey, Bubbs.
Listen, you mind if I hang out with you guys for a bit?
Come on, boys, drink up.
Listen, if I'm interrupting any father/son stuff, you give me the word and I'm out.
No problem, Bubbles.
Stay where you are, buddy.
So tell me, buddy, what did you learn about being a man on the inside this time around, man?
Dad, not this shit.
No shit, Ricky, I'm talking about your soul.
And we're going to midnight mass tomorrow too, boys.
That's the way it goes.
What did you learn about being a man?
Mostly just family stuff.
I mean.
Well, a man is supposed to... always be thinking about stuff about his family, and for to make himself to do things that are going to gooder the family around or gooder it up.
And that is what is a man.
Yeah. No, you're right.
But did you ever wonder about why a smart guy like you is on this earth, Rick?
Smart guy with a good soul.
A good guy that shouldn't be in jail.
Dad, don't be dissing jail.
Seriously, don't fucking diss jail.
I'm not dissing jail, buddy.
I'm talking about your spirituality here.
Come on, your spirituality.
I write letters every year.
I'm sending a letter to the Big Guy tomorrow.
So, it's taken care of. Done.
No problem.
The letters. You and mom got me to write them every year at Christmas.
I'm sending on off tomorrow.
To Santa Claus, Rick?
Yeah, the Big Guy.
The Big Guy?
The Big Guy, that's God, Ricky.
Yeah God.
That's what I said, Santa.
Ricky, you know that Santa and God aren't the same guy, right?
Dad, you didn't know that?
Think about it.
How do you think he gets around the world in one night?
Of course he's the same person.
Right, Bubbs?
No, Ricky. Santa and God, that's two different things.
Oh, my fuck!
You know I did maybe think that I fucked that up,
I wasn't sure.
I didn't want to say anything just in case Santa was God.
But obviously, probably wouldn't it piss him off that I mixed them up like that?
Jesus! Yeah, Ricky, but...
You never mixed that up?
Bubbs, you never mixed that up?
No, Ricky, I've never mixed that one up.
Ricky, were you counting on Santa to bring presents to Trinity?
Yeah. What, Santa's not coming now?
No, Rick. No.
Well, that's fucking bullshit.
Well, I've got no presents.
What am I suppose to do?
I need presents for Lucy and Trinity.
Great. Christmas is fucked.
If Ricky thinks he can fuck up my Christmas drinking privileges, he is sadly mistaken.
They fuck up my Christmas,
I fuck up their Christmas.
I'm begging you.
Just take me with you.
All right, I'm going to be a nice guy and give you a second chance.
But let me make myself clear, Rick,
I'm running a business here.
I don't give a fuck about Lucy and all that shit.
So you do your Christmas shopping on your time, not mine.
Are we clear?
Yeah, man.
Thanks, Julian.
I really appreciate it.
It's nothing personal.
It's just business, all right?
Hey, Bubbs.
Hey, boys. What are you up to?
Listen, can you guys help me round up some wood for a bonfire?
Sure, buddy. Just going to head down to the mall first.
Boys, get these trees delivered. Come on.
Hurry the fuck up. We've got to go down to the mall. fucking nerds.
What the fuck are you guys doing? Grab a tree.
Both of you. One each.
You want one of these ones?
Just grab a fucking tree.
Nerds, let's go.
Julian, I can't get the tree out. It's stuck.
You can't get the tree out cause you're a nerd.
Why are there two nerds carrying one tree?
One tree per nerd. goddamn fucking nerds.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Ricky! fuck, man.
What are you doing?
Sorry, man. I'm not used to this driving in winter stuff. fuck, man, it's a big car.
Is this a scratch?
Just take it out of my first fucking pay cheque.
Every bit of damage you do to this car, you're fixing.
All right.
For fuckssakes!
Jesus, Ricky.
All right, everybody grab a crowbar.
Ricky, what are these for?
Ricky, can't we just get out of here?
You're going to wind up back in jail.
The cops don't give a fuck about breaking into cars.
We're not going to go to jail.
Check that out, buddy.
He locked the keys in the car.
Merry Christmas.
You know, Christmas is the time when those of us who are more fortunate can give something back.
And that's why I like to volunteer here at the church.
Are you going for cheeseburgers soon, Barb?
Double cheeseburger, no pickle.
Hi there. Thank you very much.
Hey, do you like to party?
Excuse me.
Do you like to party?
Oh my God.
Randal, are you a male
Barb Lahey?
You are.
You're a male prostitute and you've been drinking.
No, I'm not a male prostitute.
I work construction down in Florida.
I've got time off for Christmas.
Okay, I am a male prostitute and I've had a couple of drinks.
Oh my God. You poor thing.
Go on. Get in my car and warm up.
Do you like cheeseburger?
Alright, boys. Mall security is going to be here soon.
We hit three more cars and we're out of here.
It's nothing. Three more cars, buddy. Here.
No, actually, Ricky, no more cars.
I'm out of here.
I'll have a bonfire by myself.
Bubbles, come on.
Pass me some gifts.
All right.
Hurry up.
Move, move, move, move.
You know who I really feel bad for at Christmas time is Bubbles. He's such a sweet guy, you know.
And all he wants to do is hang out with Ricky and Julian but they don't make time for him.
They're too caught up in their business schemes or whatever.
He just loves them so much.
It's a sin, actually.
Randal, would you give me hand with the groceries, please.
Come on.
No, this is Jim and Jim this is Randal.
Well, Randy. He's going to be staying with us for a little while.
Just temporarily.
I thought he could help you out around the park for a bit of food and a place to stay.
Stay with us?!
Well, yes.
And that is why I started the outreach program at the church.
You just make yourself at home,
Simon, you're married?
Don't you say a fucking word and don't call me Simon.
Please never call me Simon, always call me Mr. Lahey.
Always, always.
The last Christmas
I got to spend with my parents before they left, we had a great big Christmas
It was a lot of fun.
Dad was driving rig then and he made it home just in time.
Mom closed down the bakery and brought some muffins and stuff home.
We sat around and had a big bonfire.
I don't think Ricky and Julian realize how fun bonfires are.
I've been trying to tell them, but until you've been at one, you just don't know how much fun they are.
I can't believe all these presents that you've found for us.
My new job is going awesome.
That's great. Hey, some of these are kinda weird though.
What's Trin going to do with a belt sander?
Hey, where's my fur coat?
Well, I've been looking, Luce, and you know hopefully I am...
Do you want to get back together with me or what?
You know, I gave you a very, very simple list.
I want a fucking fur coat.
You don't find one for me, we're fucking done.
Shut the fuck up!
Brenda, you shut the fuck up!
Maybe someone can tell me why penitentiary services are letting all the reprobates out at Christmas time.
You know, Jim, this is the time of year you're supposed to be able to turn the other cheek.
Why don't you just leave those guys alone?
And you're not a cop anymore.
Mr. Lahey, I don't want to but into your personal life...
Then don't, Smokey.
If I have to call you
Mr. Lahey,
I want you to call me Randy.
My name is Randy.
Well, Randy, why don't you elf-off and have a look around the park.
I don't think you gonna be staying with us too long.
Julian, I appreciate the fucking opportunity here, but I have to go shopping.
You don't understand Lucy.
It's going to be taken care of, okay.
Boys, check out the bonfire wood I got.
Lucy needs a fucking fur coat.
So what are you telling me to do about that, Mr. Genius cock?
I've got a tip on a delivery of fur coats going to the mall.
Want me to get this going right now.
Hey, boys, get over here.
All right, listen up.
I want you to go hide near the loading bay of the mall.
Wait for a   tonne truck.
As soon as it arrives, wait for the driver to leave.
Break in. Take all the coats and whatever else you can get.
This is going to be easy, boys.
It's the only fucking delivery that day.
Don't fuck this up.
Guys, I've got nothing
Lucy wants for Christmas.
So I'm counting on you guys.
I want the fur coat wrapped in a big fucking box.
Make it look nice. Please guys.
You've got this or what?
Got it.
Julian, can you explain it one more time to us?
I've got it, Julian.
Don't worry.
Yeah, man, but I go by Randy now.
Gees, I didn't think anyone would remember me.
Randal's grandfather used to live in the park years ago.
We used to hang out with Randal all the time playing Dinkies and what not till Ricky jammed them full of peanut butter and Cheese Whiz that time and left them out in the sun and it got all baked on and wouldn't come off.
I don't think we hung out with him much after that.
God, I remember.
What are you doing around here?
How come you have an elf suit on?
Right on, man.
Hey, guys, what's going on?
What have you been up to?
Are you working?
We're out stealing Christmas trees from lots and stuff.
Julian hooked everybody up with a Christmas tree this year.
It's awesome.
Don't go blabbing, Corey.
You guys are going to get us in trouble with Ricky and Julian.
Not cool.
Julian stealing trees?
Randy, don't say anything,
We could get into a lot of trouble.
Mr. Lahey, Corey and Trevor told me that every Christmas tree in the park is stolen.
Is that right?
A little elf told me.
This fucking tape.
Ricky, stop fucking with the tape.
Boys, listen. Sorry to interrupt here and everything, but are we going to have a bonfire, or what?
Not right now, we've got important Christmas shit to take care of.
Important is it, Julian.
Is this what's important?
Stolen presents and stolen lights and stolen trees.
What the fuck was that?
Take a guess. What are siren s usually bolted to the roof of?
Right there.
Do something.
What the fuck is going on here, Lahey?
Repossessing stolen property.
What fucking stolen property?
Tagged Christmas trees stolen from various lots.
Jim here says that you might be able to tell us how they got sold in the park.
Did you buy anything from me?
Well not you personally,
Julian, but...
You don't have any direct evidence?
Fuckin' bastards.
Would anyone be willing to tell me who they bought their
Christmas tree from this year.
Well, I don't know.
Would anyone here?
I know they probably stole the trees, Jim, but I can't do anything about it without evidence.
I can only take the trees.
Jesus, man, you used to be a cop. Evidence, Jim, evidence.
Evidence, Jim.
Evidence, Mr. Lahey.
You have her in there?
I probably should have furthered my investigation before acting.
But it was a mistake born out of a simple desire for justice.
But in the future,
I'm going to make sure
I have all my evidence in before I make the call.
Never going to make that same mistake again. Never.
Somebody move that car.
Not a problem, officer.
What the fuck are you doing?
Go forward, Ricky.
Ricky, take it forward.
You're hooked on his door.
Cut the wheels.
Make the arse end go right.
You're paying for every bit of that damage.
We're fucking suing you.
Julian, that was not my fault.
Whose fault was it, Rick?
Knock, knock, Lahey.
Whose there, Ricky? fucking shitty, fucking trailer park supervisor who hangs around with a big gutted drunk elf.
He thinks he's getting us thrown back in jail, but he can't 'cause he's got no evidence. He's dumb as fuck.
He's got this other thing going on in his head that's trying to twirl you fucking. Get different... fuck.
Nice train wreck, Ricky. fuck off, Lahey.
Julian, everything is fucked here.
Do you think those idiots got that fur coat for Lucy yet?
Don't worry about it, Rick.
Those guys are smart.
They're going to have your coat for you, all right.
Right now we gotta get some more trees for those people before there's a riot on our hands.
I'm going to need your help too, Bubbs.
No sweet fucking way, Julian.
I'm done.
I'm done.
Don't want to get ripped off.
Where the fuck are we going to get Christmas trees now?
What do you mean you're not allowed to drink, Mr. Lahey?
What's one drink going to hurt?
You're absolutely right,
Randy. I'm in charge here.
And if I want to have a couple of drinks around Christmas, why the hell shouldn't I?
After all, don't I deserve it?
Oh, Jesus! Lahey, my pants.
They're ruined.
Christ. I'm sorry, Randy.
Look, you slip out of those.
I've got a couple of extra pairs in the bedroom.
I'll put those in the washer.
What a mess.
Jim, what are you doing drinking rum in your underwear with a male prostitute?
Barb... we spilled egg nog all over our pants.
And... I was using the rum to get the stain out.
Oh, I see. Like using white wine to get red wine out.
You were using dark rum, your drink of choice, to get out the egg nog.
Of course.
Don't bother coming to midnight mass and embarrassing me.
I embarrass you now.
Do I, Barb?
You go ahead and drink your face off. I don't care.
Wait, wait!
Ricky, wait for me.
Hey, Bubbs.
Ricky, stop!
What are you doing?
Hey, boys.
Listen, are you guys going to be doing anything illegal?
No, well yeah.
A little bit. Not too bad.
Can I go with you?
I'll just wait in the car.
If you want to.
Yeah, sure, man.
Yeah, I do. I want to.
Cool. This is going to be fun, Bubbs.
Best lights in the park win a big screen TV.
Guess what, Julian?
I've already won.
Let's go in and get some trees. Who's in charge here?
Well, you're in charge.
Those fucking dummies are asleep again. Let's do it.
Make sure you take the tags off the trees this time.
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
Just here to buy some trees.
You're here to steal some trees.
We've been waiting for you pricks.
You charge way too much for your trees anyway.
Get in the car.
I'll cover you.
Ricky, for fuckssakes.
Pop the trunk. fuck the door.
Get in the fucking car.
Pop the trunk. Pop the trunk.
Get in the fucking car.
Come on, Julian.
Nice fucking driving, Ricky.
Boys, let's go.
We've got to get to church.
I can't go to church.
I've got dope from jail and I'm going down to the pool hall to make some money.
Ricky, it's Christmas.
We're going to church.
That's the way it goes.
Ray, I've got gifts to sell.
I can't go to church.
I'm not going to church.
Way it goes!
Way it goes, boys.
Well, you heard him, boys.
I guess we're going to church.
We've got to move some merchandise tonight because it's going to be worth a lot less tomorrow.
We've got to talk to you about Lucy's gift.
I don't want to talk about Lucy's gift.
Just be at the church and be ready.
Don't fuck this up, boys.
If you do, I'm going to be hard on you for the rest of your lives.
This is really important, Ricky.
Corey, I don't want to hear.
Just be at the church and be ready.
Guys, I want you to go door to door.
Give everyone a refund and tell them that it's your fault.
No, it's not okay.
We're not idiots.
Yeah, we're not going to do that.
Me and Corey will do it,
Thank you.
Come on, Tyler.
Look at this now.
I've got the best
Christmas tree lights, so you might as well hand over the big screen TV right now.
Lahey, I'm not judging the contest until after midnight mass.
Just tell him the truth.
You can't win the contest because you didn't buy your lights and tree off Julian so get the fuck out of here both of you.
Lucy, I've got an awesome surprise for you inside.
Give me a second I've got to take care of a bit of business out here.
Anyone want some weed and hash?
Ten bucks a gram.
Weed and hash, ten bucks a gram.
Come on here. I know somebody wants some weed and hash.
What the hell you doing selling dope at church, Ricky?
That's disrespectful, man, come on.
You're selling presents, stealing lights and trees for a fucking big screen TV...
Come on, that's disrespectful.
These are my customers, all right?
Ten bucks a gram.
Listen to yourselves.
You ever stop to think what the Big Guy up there might be thinking looking down at this going on.
Bubbles, give me a second here. Weed and hash.
Julian, you promised.
For fuck sakes. Weed and hash.
Ten bucks a gram.
Julian, you said anything you don't sell you'll give back to the church
Now that's the least you can do.
Of course I will.
Come on, let's get in there.
Want some weed and hash, ten bucks a gram.
I'll meet you guys in there,
I got to move some more dope here.
Come on, I know people smoke dope.
The sermon makes a lot more sense if you're stoned.
Ten bucks a gram, it's awesome dope.
You want to help me win a contest, little elf?
Perhaps with a little drinkie-poo.
You're fucked, Mr. Lahey.
Couple of drinks, Randy.
If I can't play, Randy... no one can.
Tyler, have you ever tried
I don't know, Jamie, marijuana's pretty hard core.
No, it isn't.
Everybody's doing it.
I think we should try it.
That sounded pretty cool.
That's mine.
You're brilliant, Mr. Lahey.
Thanks, Randy.
Hey, guess what, it's   :  .
You can officially start to drink.
I say we poor a stiff on e and head down to church, boy.
This guy's awesome.
Anyone want some weed or hash, ten bucks a gram.
Awesome weed. Awesome hash.
Before we begin tonight
I'd like to take a moment to reflect on the victims in our community, including myself, who have had their cars broken into at the mall and had Christmas gifts stolen.
A crime such as this reminds us that even at a joyous time such as Christmas there are those who are desperate and given to crime.
Ten bucks. Best weed, best hash you'll smoke over Christmas, guarantee.
Ricky. Ricky we're up here.
How's it goin'? Nerds.
Please be seated, gentleman.
Just gimme a second here.
I've got something to take care of.
Sir, could you please keep it down.
Chill the fuck out. I've got to take care of someone.
It'll take a minute here.
Then get back to your little thing.
I thought this Christmas was going to suck.
I got out of jail and jail's awesome.
Then I found we were back together and all of a sudden
Christmas was going to be wicked, so... Come on up, guys.
Lucy, I want you to open this up in front of all these people so we're going to be officially back together.
Oh my God.
Open it up.
You're going to love it.
What's this? Arc welder.
An arc welder.
Nerds, what the hell is this?
You're embarrassing me in front of all these people.
Lucy, I'm sorry it was a mix up.
It's over.
It's totally ruined.
Hello, everybody.
Hope I'm not too late.
Hi, I'm Jim Lahey... and this is my wife, Barb.
She doesn't like me anymore.
She doesn't want me to drink, do you, Barb?
Hi, Bubbles.
How's the stolen Christmas tree racket going, Bubbs?
Frig off, Lahey.
You know what, I'm going t o state for the record and for the Lord Almighty that I wasn't involved in that.
Ricky, I'm getting out of here.
This isn't what Christmas is about.
Craziness and drunk Santas with old dirty grocery bags hooked to their ears.
Here, take a bit of dope.
I don't want any dope
I'm going home.
Nice going, Lahey.
Real nice.
You write your little letter to Santy Claus yet, Ricky?
That's pretty fucking funny.
You know how it starts?
"Dear Santa Claus, go fuck yourself."
Did you just tell me to go fuck myself, Ricky?
Yeah, Santa Claus, go fuck yourself.
Boys, boys, boys. Break it up.
Alright, you have embarrassed me for the last time, Jim Lahey.
I want a divorce.
You got it, Pontiac.
This is fucked.
I need a minute here.
I'm sorry.
I'll swearing and everything.
Sorry to interrupt, but I have one of those brain learning things pop up in my head that wasn't there a second ago.
It's about time to think of me around that basically what is
You know, I just got out of jail, which was awesome.
You know, in jail we don't have presents and lights and trees.
We just get stoned and drunk.
It's the best time.
You know I get out here,
I'm all stressed out.
My girlfriend breaks up with me and that's not what Christmas should be.
It should be about getting drunk and stoned with your friends and family.
People that you love.
Who here is drunk right now?
How many people here are drunk besides Julian?
That's so awesome. God doesn't give a shit if you smoke dope.
You're in church so you can't lie.
How many people here are stoned right now?
Come on, how many people here are stoned right now?
That's what I thought.
That's Christmas.
None of this presents, and lights and stress and shit.
Just getting drunk and stoned with your friends, family and people that you love.
Bubbles... My friend Bubbles has been trying to teach me what Christmas really is and I wasn't listening to him.
And I was at the mall stealing stuff and everything else.
Now, I realize, and he's back at the trailer park by himself.
I'm going to go back there with him and get drunk and stoned.
And everybody in here should do the same thing.
Get drunk and stoned with your families.
If you don't smoke dope or drink just spend time with your families.
I'm going to get drunk and stoned with my friend Bubbles.
Right on, Ricky.
Fuckin' love you, bud.
Love you too, Dad.
Yeah, man.
I've got lots of dope left.
So guess what, merry Christmas.
Free dope.
Thank you.
Everybody get stoned.
Drink your faces off.
Spend time with your families.
Merry Christmas.
What the fuck is going on?
Why's the power out?
Well, there's power going to Lahey's, so you can figure that one out. fucking prick ruined the contest.
Got your present out, huh.
Yeah, I had it out.
You're not trying to start a fire with just this, are you?
Oh yeah, Ricky.
We're going to have a big fire.
You know what I'm going to do, we're going to burn Lahey's fucking decorations. fuck him.
Lahey's reindeers are going to burn fucking awesome, boys.
Boys, listen up.
Sorry I stormed out of the church earlier and everything but I'm all worked up.
I thought this might be the Christmas when my mom and dad came back and I could finally open my present but I just can't open it without my family.
And I just can't take it
I'm burning the fucking thing.
No, Bubbs, don't burn it.
Something you taught me tonight, what is about family.
See this, buddy.
Just a smoke, right?
Check this out.
You can't break the cigarettes.
That's right, buddy.
And that's family.
We're your family.
We've got to stick together no matter what happens.
You guys are my family.
That's right, so you can open your gift now.
You don't have to throw it in the fire.
I can open it.
I'm with my family.
What the fuck is that?
It's a bubblemaker.
I'll get an extension cord from Lahey's.
What does it do?
It makes bubbles, Ricky.
I always used to try to make bubbles when I was a little guy.
Bubbles, there's something in here.
My God, Ricky. I think it's a letter from my mom.
"Dear Bubbles, Merry Christmas.
"I'm sorry we're not there with you.
"It was the hardest thing
I've ever done
"when me and your dad had to pack up and leave you.
"But some very dangerous men were coming after your daddy
"for his gambling, fighting and shooting his mouth off drunk down at the legion."
Oh my God.
"We never wanted to put you into any jeopardy
"so we had to leave fast.
"Hopefully some day, you'll understand.
"P.S. I've asked Julian's
"if you could stay with them for a bit.
"She said, no problem,
"Julian would look after you.
"You're lucky to have a friend like Julian
"and that Richard boy who you try to help out with his school work."
Oh my God.
A letter from my mom.
I hate to interrupt, boys, and spoil the mood, but I need smokes, and papers and we need some mix.
Dad needs garbage bags.
You want to go down to the garage?
And get something to eat.
I'm fucking starving too.
They've got microwavable subs.
I hate eating at the garage,
I know, Bubbs.
There's nothing else open.
I love you, guys.
Me too.
I love you too, man.
It was pretty tough breaking up with Barb at Christmas.
But it gives me a lot more time to work around the park.
Randy has agreed to help clean up for a couple of days before he heads back to Florida. Feel great.
Lucy and I have been talking a lot about family at Christmas time and we've made a couple of New Year's resolutions.
And one of them is that Lucy never sees Ricky again and another is she never sees Julian again.
Too bad I couldn't give this thing away in this contest, but you know, Lahey fucked up the whole contest.
So now I have to keep the thing.
Probably won't watch it much you know, I like to keep busy, make some money.
I've been thinking about maybe going to university and starting up a company or something.
Straighten out my life a bit.
Well, hopefully in the new year, me and shopping carts are done with each other.
I'm going to start selling my mitts down at the Fire Hall if everything goes well and that's it. Shopping carts done.
I actually had a great
Christmas out of jail.
And I don't think I'll ever go to jail again.
And I don't need a fucking car to be happy. fuck the company car.
Julian can have it back, but I promised I'd fix it up and get a new door put on
'cause the door is fucked.
You'll never catch me driving around in a piece of shit like this.
I used to worry all the time about getting caught up in some kind of crazy bullshit that Ricky and Julian be doing and maybe end up in jail because of it.
But I don't think that's going to happen.
I think, you know, everybody's going to get their lives back on track and that's going to be it.
I'm feeling pretty good about things.
Anyway, I got smoking beat.
Quit that. Quit drinking.
That's going to be easy and I'm trying to set higher goals for myself.
Maybe going back to school, get my grade ten.
That's the sort of stuff I think that Lucy wants to see.
And you know, it helps little Trinity get things going on in her head
'cause she saw me do them.
That helps for to help with her thinking's.
It's time for me to grow up and be a responsible man.
I think I'm there.
Ah. that wasn't so bad!
Here I am...
I've got everything I want.
But it doesn't add up to shit.
'Cause I fell in love with the wrong man.
Be careful who you love.
First thing I'm doing when I get home.
I'm gonna rub some cat food just on my cheeks like that.
Let all the kitties come up and lick it off me.
There's no better feeling than a little miniature sandpaper-tongue kitty.
Well. they let everybody out. you know. in two shifts.
There's a morning parole and an afternoon parole.
I got morning parole. Thank God...
Ricky and Julian are getting out this afternoon. hopefully. if everything goes right.
Hi. My name's Julian.
Inmate number       .
Thank you for your time today.
Have a seat.
Name and prisoner number please?
You know who I fucking am.
And here's my goddamn number right here.
Just read what they say right on me. right here!
Well. Ricky. we've been -
Can you smoke in here?
This here's a certificate for an auto body technician.
It's a course that I took in jail.
Let's get the fuck going here. get on with this and get me out.
'Cause I know you're gonna let me out anyway.
It's    grand a year minimum to fucking keep me here.
I've seen that on TV in jail.
It's overcrowded.
I didn't even do anything that bad.
Okay. sir. What I've put together is a four-year plan for a business that I wanna open. it's called Success Auto Body.
And I plan on opening up the business in my trailer. that was given to me by my grandmother...
...and turn it into an auto body shop.
I didn't get any diploma yet. but I'm gonna be getting the grade   .
Once you have that. you can pretty much do anything.
Myself. I've learned my lesson.
And the only way to succeed in life is to be legitimate. and to stay away from crime.
Your friend Julian has convinced us that he will be a success...
All right.
...in his business.
Well. I'm gonna work for him. so that makes me a success. so -
It doesn't automatically.
It's a long road to success. sir.
Sir. it's gonna be    % legitimate.
I will be a taxpayer as of today if you grant me with this release.
There's no chance you might find a way to. say. chop a few cars in your spare time?
No. sir.
What's the right answer here. guys?
I'm gonna go get a job or go fucking grow some dope and sell a bit of dope and support my family that way -
Excuse me?
I can tell you whatever you wanna hear or be honest.
I'll grow dope. that's what I'm good at.
I grow the best dope of anyone
I've ever met.
I've been looking through these papers here and it mentions a fellow named Jim Lahey.
Trailer Park superintendent.
Uh. there seems to be some ongoing problems with... you and him.
Is this going to continue when you come out of prison?
No. absolutely not.
Can I have a cigarette then?
Take him back to his seat!
Why don't you ask Darren how high he is?
Just one drag! fuck off and let me have a cigarette!
Give those back!
You left them out to tease me!
Come on!
Just one little drag...
I'm never gonna give up on success.
That is the only thing that's on my mind right now.
I'm never coming back to jail.
And I'm going to be successful.
Let's make sure we don't see you here again.
Well. I came in on the bus. you know. with this vision of Sunnyvale in my head. and I get off the bus and I'm fucking stunned!
I mean. it's demolished. the trailers are down... the grass is growing up. garbage everywhere. fucking dogs eating out of old garbage bags and lickin' things.
This is disastrous!
So I immediately. you know.
I wanted to go to my shed. and check on that and check on my kitties...
Not even a fucking nibble!
I'd constructed a food mountain in there for them. and left water for them. and the fucking thing's barely touched.
'cause someone boarded up the cat door.
It's just not right.
It's really eerie here.
Something's fucky.
Boys. stay in a single file as you're leaving.
Step on the bus and make your way to the back.
Hope you enjoyed your stay.
Don't come back.
You boys stay out of trouble.
Hey. boys!
Did you guys get what I was talking about?
Good work.
Please tell me you got a bit of smoke or something.
Check to see if the door's unlocked. fuck that!
You idiot!
Do you want those guys to hear us?
They're deafer than two deaf donkeys.
Come on. just get in.
Pull up your pants!
Pull up your pants. Ricky!
It's the fucking track pants!
Come on. baby. come on!
Quick. quick. quick!
Okay. we're good.
Go. go. go!
Boys. back off! I'm serious!
Don't blow this!
Come on. just back off!
Julian. I'm telling you.
Happens every time with this dovametry crew.
They fucking get too close and they screw everything up.
Just shut up and put your box on.
You ready?
Why do I get a box and you get a cool welding mask?
'Cause I'm in charge.
Everything's cool. man.
Guys. I'm serious. you gotta back off. you're gonna fuck this up.
Get out of here. I'm serious.
Smarten up. Get over here!
Good afternoon. everyone!
My name is Bobby Boxhead.
This is not a robbery.
We're taking some money for charity and some liquor. no big deal.
Everyone relax. This is not a robbery.
This is for charity.
This is my partner. Weldy Weldyface.
He will take all of your donations.
Everyone just relax.
Let's have some drinks. here.
Just like my partner Weldy Weldy.
Now. what the fuck do we have here?
You're not leaving the store!
Get on the fucking ground!
Now. this is a fucking robbery
'cause of these orange fuck fuckies!
Weldy. go clean out the till. because of these guys right here. this is now a robbery.
Sorry folks. the hunters fucked this up.
I apologize.
You guys did fuck this up for the charity. Now get up!
Yeah. I'm getting' up.
Get up! Get up and get the fuck out!
Go shoot your goddamn bunnies and your fucking gophers.
Ah... okay. We're good.
We're good here.
All right. Thanks a lot.
Good job. everyone! Great robbery!
All right. now get this loaded and stop fucking around!
Later. fuck fucks!
Here. kitty. kitty. kitty. come kitty!
Psst! Psst! Psst!
Here. kitty. kitty. kitty!
Come kitty! Come kitty!
Kitty come! Kitty come!
Kitty come! Kitty!
Where the fuck are you guys?
Phil Collins...
Just keep at it.
Come on.
I don't know. boy. I don't know.
Thank God you're patient.
Phil. Jacob?
Hey. Bubbles!
What's going on?
Go ask Lahey. at the new park.
Ah. fuck!
New park?
Luxury estates is a testament to inspiration and a lot of work.
You know. when Ricky went back to jail. it was like I was reborn.
Got off the hard liquor... dropped    pounds. got back to business.
I discovered that Barb's deed to Sunnyvale included    acres of prime development land.
I made a sweet deal with her: sold off half. and built this beautiful park.
God. Randy! Watch the dust!
Jeez. wingnut!
Randy. when are we getting our septics?!
Yeah. come on!
Two weeks. Randy!
Made one critical mistake:
I put Randy in charge of the new sewer.
He called the Department of Environment.
Now. we have to follow the old sewer line which runs right under
Julian's property.
Randy fucked up and I have to fix it.
I walk along the street
We used to walk
Two by two lovers pass
And as they're passing by
I could die
'Cause you're not here with me
Come in!
Mr. Lahey? Randy?
Hey. Bubbles!
Hey. how do you like the new park?
My cats. Mr. Lahey. where are they?
Bubbles. I have no idea where your cats are.
Right? You have no idea what happened to my kitties?
Calm down. Bubbles.
Get your hands off me. Randy.
You gotta calm down. okay?
Don't fucking touch me.
Listen. Bubbles.
Don't make me throw you out. Bubbles.
There was a lot of people complaining.
Why did you board up the kitty door?
Listen. I think Animal Control took them away. Bubbles.
Animal Control?
What do you mean. Animal Control?
Calm down!
Here. Randy! Want some fly paper?
Snack on that. Randy!
I'll put you down. I swear!
Let me go. Randy!
Bubbles. you will calm down or I'll have to call the...
Bubbles. that's it. I'm pinning you.
Get off me. Randy!
You need to calm down!
Get those clippers away from me!
The clippers are touching me!
Get them away from me!
I think it's caught in my hair.
Just wait.
Oh. my God... Don't tug it.
Don't move.
It hurts!
Bubs? I'm gonna have to turn it on.
Don't turn it on!
I'll have to turn it on to get it out. Bubs.
Just relax. it won't hurt.
What did you do?
Nothing. Bubs. It looks great.
It's okay.
What did you do?
Didn't cut you a bit. Bubs.
What the fuck did you do?!
It's perfect.
Look. there's no need to crack the shit crust over this.
You fucked up my hair!
Bubs. it's not that bad!
I was an accident.
You just wait. fucky!
You wait till Ricky and Julian see this.
Bubbles... it wasn't our fault.
It was an accident.
Oh. it was an accident. was it?
That was an accident. too.
I'm as blue as I can be
Blue on blue
Heartache on heartache
Blue on blue
Now that we are through
Blue on blue
Heartache on heartache
And I find I can't get over losing you
Hi. there.
What's going on here?
Ah. these guys are following me around all the time.
Don't worry about them.
My name's Bubbles.
I'm from Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
I think you have some of my kitties.
Sunnyvale? Right.
Could you please take a seat?
The gentleman from the trailer park is here. Could I see those files?
Just a sec.
You have files on my kitties?
Right. So we had a few phone calls.
Very agitated phone calls from...
Mr. Lahey was concerned about the welfare of your animals.
They were probably drunk calls more than agitated.
Well... I think concern was making him a little incoherent.
We collected    cats.
Now. of those.    had to be spayed or neutered. they were all full of fleas.
They all had to be needled.
They were in very poor condition.
They were showing signs of malnutrition.
We don't condone neglect.
She started giving me the gears that I don't take care of my kitties. and this and that. and I tried to explain to her:
Look. I had it figured out.
I built a food mountain.
And calculated how much time
I'd be away and it was all gonna work. but Mr. Lahey fucked it up!
Point being... that makes me a neglector.
I know. you're right.
Can I just get them?
I'll take them right now.
No. I'm afraid not.
$    a cat times   . you come up with that and you can have your cats.
Oh. Jenn?
Could you do a run-up to Horton's?
Come in after hours to see your cats.
Oh. fuck!
Where's Ricky? He didn't get out?
Oh. no. He got out.
I didn't think it'd be this bad!
What the fuck is Ricky doin'?
Look. don't tell him Randy and Lahey shaved your head.
He'll fucking freak out and attack them.
That's the last thing we need right now.
That's the last of my worries anyway. bucks per cat!
I don't have that kind of money.
We'll figure that out. okay?
Why are we at the dump?
And why's he hidin'?
Man. you scared the fuck out of me.
I thought you were the cops.
What are you doing?
I told you to cover that up.
I can still see it.
It's almost done.
Department of Corrections?
What the fuck is that!?
We had to steal it to rob the liquor store to get some start-up money.
Oh. my goodness...
Don't worry about it. Smooth as piss.
Where did you get the fucking dope
Monte Carlo. man!
It's awesome. fucking SS.
It's the company car.
Paid four grand for it. bud.
How much money's left?
Well. I had to buy tools.
I had to get the garage door. which is going to go on tomorrow. start-up costs.
You spent all the fucking money.
Well. you gotta spend money to make money. that's the way business works. okay?
Actually. no. it's not.
You keep your money. then you have your money.
That's how you fucking make money.
And who the fuck made you in charge of our money?
Who came up with the four-year business plan? Me.
Oh. success. Yeah.
Guess what? I don't even get success.
Can everybody just stop fighting?
Listen... Look.
Since you don't even understand what I'm saying here. why don't I show you. get in the car.
Is that one of those fucking
Hostess Munchies hats?
It's awesome.
Give it back. Give it -
What in the fuck happened to your head!
I was... messin' around.
Oh. my God...
He got drunk and high and tried to cut his hair.
He fucked up.
You did that yourself?
My God. did you ever fuck it up!
No. I know.
That sucks. man.
Yeah. it sucks. It sucks moose balls.
And I did it.
Give me my fucking thing.
Oh. look! It's Shitwinkle and Cocky.
What the fuck are those idiots doing?
So much is riding on this.
We have all the tenants in the new park. who have no sewer.
And we have to put the sewer line through Julian's property.
And I am confident.
I have every hope that Julian's gonna see the light. and he's gonna accept my offer. and be reasonable.
Julian... I gotta talk to you about something really important.
Because if he doesn't.
I'm up shit creek.
Take a look at this trailer.
You haven't seen it for two years.
Look at it. It's falling down.
It's virtually condemned.
It needs to be destroyed.
This is totally rotten.
I've had it appraised.
A generous appraisal for $ .   .
Julian. I'm willing to offer you $ . and $    Canadian Tire money.
And a chance for a new life in my new park. What do you say?
You see this trailer?
My grandmother used to own that trailer.
Now. I own it. It's my home.
I'm gonna start up a business in that trailer.
It's gonna be called Success Auto Body.
I've got a four-year plan on it.
The wheels are already in motion. okay?
You're too late. Sorry.
Okay. Julian -
Come on. Randy.
Look -
Your minute's up.
Yeah. okay. I'm going.
I'm not gonna offer you...
I'm not gonna ask you to sign anything here.
Thank you.
Just will you consider it?
Just consider the important nature.
Good night. guys.
You'd be a hero!
Thanks a lot. Thanks. Rick. Bubbles.
We're tired. If you guys wanna come back tomorrow. maybe have a couple of drinks or whatever...
Success Auto Body...
That's kind of a shitty name.
Randy. see... there's no need of you having to say that.
Just... there's no need of that
Like. if you're gonna disrespect us.
I mean. I could just sit here and...
I could piss all over your new car. if you want.
If you're gonna disrespect us. maybe I'll disrespect you.
Ricky. fuck off. Ricky...
Just let them drive away.
He's pissin' on the car.
Very nice car. It is. I like it a lot.
You stared at his cock enough. Randy.
Thanks for coming down to see us.
I really enjoyed it.
Just remember: you drew the first piss.
You just remember: you drew first. fuck off!
Sorry about the hair. bud.
It was an accident.
Yeah. yeah...
What the fuck is he talking about?
Did he...
You know what. Ricky?
Did you do this or did he do this?
I wasn't gonna tell you.
Those two bastards did it.
My fuck...
Listen. It was an accident. come on.
What I'm gonna do to them is gonna be an accident.
We can't just fucking let them get away with that!
Ricky is a problem.
He's always been a problem.
But. uh... I'm hoping that he'll go along with Julian's decision. and that maybe we can turn over a new leaf.
What do you want. Ricky? fucking talk to the two of you guys by myself.
Randy. get in the house. Randy.
Frig off. Ricky.
You can't just go around shaving people's fucking heads.
It was an accident. Ricky.
Oh. accident. was it?
You'd better clear out of this park.
You're not welcome here.
Ricky. this is home invasion. bud.
You wanna go back to jail. Ricky?
Ricky. calm down. Calm down!
I'll calm down in about five minutes.
Calm down. Listen. just calm down.
Oh. what the fuck do we have here. Randy. uh?
I was doing my hair and Bubbles came in.
It was an accident. Ricky.
Have some rings. Ricky.
Calm down. Eat some rings.
Have something to eat.
I'd love some fucking onion rings.
We can talk about this.
Just don't go crazy here. okay?
You deserve this. Randy. for what you fucking did to Bubbles.
You like that?
Stop. you're hurting me.
Guess what? You're getting your fucking head shaved right now
'cause nobody shaves my fucking friend's head.
What are you doing?! Ricky!
Stop fucking squirming.
Ricky! Ah!
Get that away from me. Ricky!
That's for fucking Bubbles. Randy.
Randy. are you okay. bud?
Ricky. open the goddamn door.
Yeah? Marker time...
What the fuck are you doin'. Ricky?
Stop it!
Don't make me...
Do you have any idea what you did to this town. Ricky?
You know what you did. Ricky?
I know exactly what I fucking did.
What the hell did you do?
Are you okay?
Just came over here to talk.
No big deal.
To talk...?
Randy made some food. fucking onion rings are delicious.
Have some. Bubs?
Oh. man. you're gonna pay this time.
You are really gonna pay.
What do I owe you?
Two bucks for milk? shit... I don't know what Ricky did to Randy.
He's locked himself in the bathroom. and he's crying.
What the fuck do you want me to do?
I'm getting fucking drunk tonight!
Julian. it's not enough to go through life relying on good looks and an incredible body.
The perfect man has got a good heart.
Sometimes. you gotta put other people's interests ahead of you own. Julian.
That's a good. wholesome. sexy thing to do.
Ah... fuck.
Holy fuck. we drank a lot last night. Lucy.
Why don't we order some goddamn chicken?
Ah... drinking is not all we did last night.
Good morning. Julian.
Good morning. Rick.
Good morning. Julian.
I don't wanna sound cold. I mean. like Julian and I. you know. we've known each other for a while. but he's gotta... grow up a little bit. he's gotta... take his life in a successful path?
Great. But I don't really want any part of it.
You know. I have always blamed Ricky for all their little shenanigans. but frankly. it's Julian that invents these little schemes. and gets everybody involved. and then. he brings everybody down with him.
Hey. boys!
Hey. what's up. man?
What's up. my man?
Thanks for coming for the interview.
What's he talking about. boy?
I told you about this. man.
I'm hiring for the shop.
Don't worry about it now.
I'm taking you guys out for a company breakfast.
I'll explain all the details then.
Yeah. man. Don't worry. man.
Interview? You said there was a show.
Yeah. it's for the shop. man.
I'll explain to you as we go. man.
I don't know if I'm feeling it.
Take it from me.
'cause I know what will happen.
I'm gonna make it in the rap game.
That will happen. That's a fact.
Same way that it's a fact that Success Auto Body will not be a success.
It should be called
Unsuccess Auto Body.
I took out a full-page ad. and between the people that I know that are gonna come. wanting to hang out. have something to eat. listen to J-Roc.
And all the other people will read it.
I think it's gonna be pretty busy.
Maybe even too busy.
Julian got big plans. but he... he ego-writin' cheques that his brain can't cash. dog.
What the fuck are the Ship Captain and Tenille up to now?
I've done some research. and I found out that if I did go to court with Lahey. he could actually expropriate my land. and if that happens. I'm fucked.
So. right now. I've gotta buy some time. get along with him. get the business running.
Once it's up and running. he can't do a thing to me.
Listen... a lot of bullshit went down with this head shaving. okay?
I just wanna clear the air. and put this past us.
We can put this past us. Julian.
We can clear the air.
But first. I want you to see what Ricky did to Randy's beautiful hair.
Nice hat. Randy.
Look at this.
Ricky shaved all his hair off and scribbled it in with black marker.
We did what we could to fix it trying to make it look normal.
It still looks fucked!
I demand an apology from Ricky.
Just a sec.
I can't believe what you did to his fucking hair.
I didn't do all that. I just shaved it once. It was squiggly!
I did the little curl. that's it.
They fucked it up when they fixed it.
Come on. Our fucking life depends on this. Ricky!
Randy? He's got something to say to you.
I'm sorry that you shaved
Bubbles' head.
It kind of made me get that done to your head with a permanent marker. and I didn't...
I don't know.
I'm sorry. I guess. that it all happened. fuck you. then.
I don't know why you didn't just wash it off.
I tried... I won't come out.
All right. Are you cool. Ricky?
You even. now. Bubs?
I believe I've achieved satisfaction.
Okay. You guys go wait in the car.
I gotta talk to Jim about his offer.
I'm thinking more about that deal you offered me.
It's starting to sound pretty good.
You come over tomorrow. and I'll show you your new trailer.
It is fantastic.
I'm sure it will help you make up your mind.
Just a second. Randy?
You don't need the hat. buddy. okay?
Here. take it.
It looks... you look good.
Looks tough.
Julian told him he looked tough.
Think he started to believe it. but...
He does not look tough. he looks fucked.
Okay. guys. nice and steady.
Keep it coming.
That's it. Slow it down.
All right. that's good. That's good.
That's good.
T. J-Roc. get over here.
Now with this newspaper ad. it might get real busy tomorrow.
We might have to turn people away. okay?
So. I want you guys to get lots of rest. no drinkin' tonight.
All right.
I can have a couple of drinks.
It's gonna be an early morning.
No drinkin'.
And Bubs. get rid of this church shit.
Y'all took that from a church?
That's cold. dog. You don't fuck with church. motherfuckers.
Come on. now.
Old people and their beans?
Come on. man.
What's wrong with you!
It's all good. man. Just go. man.
How are you doin'?
Come in.
Oh. hey guys!
How are you doing?
Oh... Oh. fuck.
I'm sorry I let you down.
I'm gotta get you out. though.
See. these are all free-range kitties.
They don't like being locked up.
Free-range kitties?
Yeah. they do as they please.
That's their... whole thing.
It's cool if you don't... but. uh... do you wanna smoke a joint?
Yes. please.
It's kind of hard to explain. but...
I have these friends. and they're... kind of like my family. and... sometimes. they do dumb things. you know. and...
I end up doing dumb things with them.
But it's only because I love them.
You know. they're... like my... only family.
I hope you don't think I'm too crazy.
Are you feeling that yet?
Oh. man... fuck. I love kitties.
Could something bad actually happen to them if I don't get them out of here soon?
It'll just cost too much to keep them here.
Well. my friends are trying to raise the money as we speak. so...
Oh. fuck!
I don't know. Julian. it's... close. I guess.
You guys wanna come in for a tour?
We can't have a great opening without balloons!
Man. I'm sorry I fucked up. man.
With the price of balloons nowadays...
Steel roll-up garage door I put in.
Come on in!
Success Auto Body.
All brand-new concrete floors.
All new lighting. overhead lighting and side lighting.
Ricky did that. Nice job. Ricky.
Thanks. Bubs.
And that's the paint station there.
All the paints ready to go.
I can rock tunes on that music thing.
All the tools are hung up. ready to go.
We got recycling...
This is a professional-looking
I need to do my sound check.
Can't work with that gear.
Yeah. but what is it? A big concert?
No. but it was a deal.
So why don't you replace it before the show?
Listen. it's about opening up a business. all right?
With J-Roc performing.
Maybe I'll tell my fans not to come.
Listen. hold on. Boys... we're officially open.
Let's go meet the customers.
Come on.
Hey. excuse me. Julian?
When do I rock the mic. dog?
Just wait for some customers.
I've been waitin'. dog.
Just keep waitin'. then.
Aw. yeah!
Aw. yeah!... Yeah...
Oh my!
Hey. Jim.
Afternoon. gentlemen.
Julian. what you managed to accomplish here in such a short time is... it's very attractive.
I think you'll find that you've got a little problem with the... location.
I'm willing to sweeten my offer:
I'll help you move your garage. and I'll foot all the bills.
Why would he help you?
You're the one who fucking had us thrown in jail for the last two years.
We're victims of our own actions.
It's kind of like a stupid tax.
The stupider you are. the more you pay.
Yeah? Well. the more fucked you are. the more fucked you are.
I hope you make the right decision.
...or things could get really nasty.
Two minutes for looking so whack.
The two of you race in this slut in the Grecian Formula One. with your painted hair?
You going back to Baldhead Rock.
Mr. Lahey. with your whack car?
Stay out of the old park!
Go on and play your leprechaun golf. bitch!
You know what. Julian?
I'm not sure what success is supposed to feel like. but I don't think this is it. man.
I'm going to see the old man.
Come on. Julian!
Don't get discouraged now.
Can't give up. I can't give up.
Maybe I should have just went with the radio ads.
Well. it's an idea.
Nobody reads the fucking newspaper.
Here we go.
Can't not be feelin'it
Jared's got the quickness
Like a shorty with the thickness
And we been over this and over this
'Cause you can't not be feelin'this
T. where's my track at. dog?
Man. it's over. man!
What you talking about "it's over"?
You don't turn my track down when I'm performing a show!
Ain't nobody here. man!
Nobody here? Bubbles is here. dog.
Ain't nobody feelin' it.
What are you talking' about.
"nobody feeling it". dog?
Ain't nobody feelin' this. man.
I was feeling it. You don't...
What are you doing?
I'm taking my mic. man.
J-Roc. I was feeling it.
Positive thinking.
There's one thing I gotta know baby
Can you open that soul just one more time
Hey. Rick!
Oh my. fuck. Dad! This is it?
Come on up. man!
This is your new house?
A fucking tugboat. I love it.
Ah. buddy! Hey. man!
Watch your step here.
So. how are things going?
Not so good. I hear?
Success isn't doing so good. is that what it is?
Not one customer. Dad. None... fuck. buddy. it's...
The problem is that... it's Julian. man.
He's... always running off with these crazy ideas.
But that's his dream.
Don't you have your own dreams. Rick?
Oh. Dad... I mean. I do.
I just...
I feel so stu... goddamn stupid sometimes. and I don't know if I could do it by myself.
Oh... don't...
I don't wanna hear you say that. Rick.
Lucy's telling me you're gonna get your grade   . Rick.
I am.
I mean. think about that.
You know. there's nobody in our family who's ever got their grade   .
I've never even met anybody who's got his grade   . and you're almost there. man.
That's smart.
That's true.
Well. I do have one pretty good idea.
I don't even know why it came to me. but you know those green bins?
You can get them anywhere. anyone's house.
They're all over the place.
You take one of those...
Put a light in the top. one plant in the bottom.
Everybody's going to the mall buying this shitty mall dope.
There's no good dope around.
Especially with me in jail.
I could sell them one of these things. for a couple hundred bucks. which I would make at least     off that. and they'd have a pound of weed in    days.
Oh. Rick. listen to me. man.
That's a brilliant idea.
That's a brilliant idea.
You really think so?
Yes. and you can do it.
Let me just... let me just...
You know what these are. right?
They're battery cables. right.
Just regular battery cables.
But here's the thing.
All through life. man. you've hooked one battery cable onto your battery. which is good.
You need that.
But you've always taken this battery cable. the positive battery cable...
...and you hooked it to Julian.
Pretend I'm Julian. okay?
So. you hooked it to Julian.
You're startin' your dreams... off Julian's battery.
You see? See what I'm saying?
What you gotta do. Rick. what you gotta do is take this fucking positive cable that's been on Julian's battery. and you hook it there.
Feel it now?
Now. start it up.
You are totally fucking right.
You're out of here.
Look. Dad. you just make everything make so much sense.
I mean. Julian's thing wasn't working out.
I gotta do something for me. and my dad's totally right.
I'm not gonna let
Julian boss me around.
So... I'll help him out when I have time. but I'm doin' my own business now.
I came to this neighbourhood.
My dad told me to come here.
There's green bins everywhere. it's green bin day.
And these people live in these houses. you can take whatever you want from them. and they don't care. as long as you be nice to them. they think you're not a criminal.
Ricky. just... hang on!
Oh... check these out. Bubs!
Oh. my God!
Those are not fucking around.
They're not fucking around!
Hi. little fella.
It's gonna totally work.
How much loot is it going to haul in. though?
Quite a bit. I think. and if it does. the first thing I'm doing. buddy. is helping you with your cats.
Don't worry about them.
It's awesome and everything. but how long is it gonna take.
Time is... you know...
It's gonna take some time.
My fucking head is driving me nuts!
Do you ever get your head like when it just won't shut up. and it keeps talking to itself. and... it's killing me.
So I started studying. and my dad. it's just yap. yap. yap! fuck. what is that?
That's thinking.
It's what?
Thinking. You're thinking.
You know. your brain's probably using parts that have never been used.
That's all that is?
Yeah! It's good!
Well. one of the thinks I had was that you could help me with this. and help me study. and I'll cut you in.
We'd be like a team.
You'll cut me in on this if I help you study?
It's a fuck of a lot better than what's going on over there.
Jesus. look at Randy's head.
The marker hasn't faded at all.
He looks like a goddamn weevil.
Hey. Julian.
Hey. Bubbles.
How's it going. Jimmy?
Good. Nice to see you.
This is it! Full-treated sun deck with a lifetime guarantee.
Piss shack will be going in in two days. Check this out.
Full cathedral ceiling.
Vinyl mullions in all the windows. and you won't believe this kitchen.
You've got oak veneer panelling on the doors.
We got matching ebony microwave. and a dishwasher which Bo-Bandy installed this morning.
Good work. Bo-Bandy.
Full electric heating.
You have laundry. second entrance. and a beautiful master bedroom with a bathroom ensuite.
But this is the piece de resistance.
Full complementary bar.
Let me freshen your drink. will you. Julian?
Where did you get that picture of Julian. Mr. Lahey?
Bubbles. if you wanna drop over. and see me later.
I might have a little deal for you. too.
Randy. contract.
Julian. strike while the iron's hot.
What do you think?
It's a nice trailer. and... it's really nice.
Great. Sign right here.
I still have one problem.
What about my business?
What about your business?
I just opened it.
Julian. I can give you six months for your rent here.
I'll sweeten the pot. Look!
We could set your business up next door if you want to.
Yeah. but then. I'll be paying lot fees over there and lot fees here.
Julian. step outside.
There's something I gotta show you.
Look at this wonderful side yard.
This is fucking nice.
Oh. it's fucking nice. all right.
Come on. Rick!
Come on. hurry up!
Just gimme a second here.
You should've let me go first.
I paid four grand for this car. you know.
It's appraised for seven.
Well. that's good. Julian.
How about I unload it. and give you the cash. so you can put it towards your cats to get them out?
Ah... that would be awesome. but...
I know what this limited edition
Monte Carlo SS means to you.
Bubs. your cats mean way more to me than this limited edition Monte Carlo SS that's in mint condition.
You mean more to me.
I love you. you big goof.
I love you too. Julian.
I think Julian... really likes that trailer.
He said he wasn't even going to move.
He said he was stay in'.
Yeah. but that was what he said.
Randy. but he didn't mean that.
Look. if you'd saw his body language.
You should've seen him.
I saw him. He was just doing...
I... I saw it. He said he's staying.
Randy... he's playing sexy hardball with us.
I think we should have a little drink to celebrate -
Just a little sip of beer. One sip.
You can't be serious.
Just one sip.
This is real beer with alcohol in it.
It's organic beer. Randy!
Just one beer. Look. I'm never going back on the hard liquor. Just...
Look. Celebratory sip.
It's alcohol!
Randy. it doesn't count.
Beer and coolers don't count.
Randy. my problem's with hard liquor.
It's not with beer.
Look. the... Just let it go.
Let it go.
Two years...
It's just been a countdown to liquor day. hasn't it?
One fucking sip is all I wanted.
You're a fucking alcoholic!
You're a prick.
Two years. and you just flushed it down the toilet.
Liquor makes me think. Randy! makes me think. Randy!
This is whack. dog.
What do you mean. man?
This is bullish. It's greasy.
It's amateur hour.
I thought you were down with the program?
Bubs. you gonna be okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
All right. well. talk to you in a bit. man.
All right. let's get this over with.
T. I changed my mind.
I'm not feeling this. dog.
What are you talkin' about?
Not feeling it. dog.
Some weird shit's gonna go down.
I'm not feeling it.
Look. man. you just need to relax.
You need to calm down. man.
Everything's gonna be all right.
It ain't gonna be all right.
And it ain't worth fucking up my career up. dog.
It ain't worth it. We should bust.
Look. we just need to do this. we'll go home and get a few drinks.
There's gonna be a lot of hos out
I don't give a fuck. I'm gonna bust.
You bustin' with me?
Sorry. dog.
I'm out.
We don't have all fucking night here.
T. what the fuck is going on?
He's backing out. man!
What. he's bailing?
Yeah. man.
Come on. let's burn it.
Go. Ricky!
Ricky. your trunk's on fire.
I know! Don't be a pussy. man!
It'll just burn itself out.
Did you clean the onion ring crumbs out of the bed?
Yes. I cleaned the onion rings out of the friggin' bed.
You're not gonna eat those goddamn onion rings for breakfast again?
Just shut up. and just let me eat breakfast?
You're getting all greasy.
You've never been this fat before in your life! Stand up.
Stand up.
You're sucking it in. Let it hang out.
Oh. God! This is disgusting.
You don't want to go to Cuba with that greasy boiler. do you?
I don't wanna go to Cuba.
They don't even have any fucking dope.
They have dope in Cuba.
They don't. It's Communist country.
Just fuck off with the "Randys"!
Hey. guys!
Off the deck. please. Off the deck.
Julian. right?
Your car was reported stolen last night. And we found it.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah. it was incinerated.
At   a.m.. under the bridge.
Ah. fuck!
What were you doing this morning?
I was paintin' a car last night in there.
Anybody working with you who could verify that?
Well. so far.
Julian's gotten away with it.
You know... he's a person of interest though. in the arson of his own car.
They're investigating him.
I appreciate what he was trying to do.
It was a nice thing. but...
Hey. Bubs!
Hey. Mr. Lahey!
The job of Garden Manager comes with deluxe accommodation. Bubbles.
The salary starts at   . . with full pension benefits.
Guaranteed. it's an awful lot easier than say... working at a body shop for a living.
Spent a lot of time setting this up.
Very well-appointed kitchen.
Extremely comfortable bed. and... full shower. once we get the sewer hooked up.
So... did Julian mention anything to you about anything?
No. not really. I mean. he's pretty busy with Success Auto Body.
How's that going?
Pfft... good!
Hey. Chris! What's up. man!
What's up. Ricky?
Can I park here?
Small tokes. man.
This stuff's fucking potent.
Thanks. man.
Jail Outreach. Grade   .
Oh. yeah. cameras.
You gotta do the whole searchy.
I'm telling you right now:
I got something on me. so...
Yeah. Just a bit of green.
I tell you. man.
I don't plan on coming back here. but if I do.
I just want you to put that away.
You smoke just as much as I do.
I'll just give you a couple of those.
Thanks. man.
Want to boost me up so I can hide this somewhere?
Okay. cool.
Ahem. Ten more minutes left in the exam.
Ten more minutes.
So. this must be the... the recording device. Is it?
Hey. buddy!
Yo! Yo! What's going on. T?
What's going on with you. man?
Yeah! Je-ah! How are you feeling?
I'm just working. man!
Let me "aks" you something real quick. dog.
Anyone all up in your eyes about that arson bullshit?
No. man.
Ain't nobody talk to me. man.
You shook?
I didn't shook. man.
Julian didn't shook. I didn't shook.
Well. I didn't shook.
I don't shook about nothing in my life right now. dog.
I'm livin' large. man.
Record label comin' to my show tonight. boy.
Man. don't even talk to me about that record label shit. man.
You're always...
Don't suck your teeth at me. man.
Don't suck your teeth at me!
Don't suck your teeth at me!
Don't give me no reason to suck them and I won't suck them!
Once he realizes not to suck his teeth at me. you know. we can have a nice conversation. and be boys and stuff.
But it could have got really ugly.
And I don't like it when motherfuckers suck their teeth at me. man!
So don't be sucking your teeth at me.
I don't like sucking them. you know what I mean?
When I sucked them. I was like...
"T. man! Where'd you go. dog?"
I don't even recognize that motherfucker no more.
'Cause we had a dream. the two of us.
Now. he's talking about how he doesn't believe in the dream no more.
Now suddenly. I'm one motherfucker having to believe in the whole dream by myself.
It was more dope when it was two of us believing in one.
'cause it was only   % of the dream each of us was responsible for.
Whatever happened to the two of us?
You know what happened. man.
Big change.
What happened? Where did you go?
Big change. big things.
Where are you at?
Big change. go on.
Go on to your oil change.
Can I get you another wine cooler?
Oh-oh... no more wine coolers.
Do you want a tall boy?
You drank all my wine coolers?
There was only a couple left.
For fuck's sakes!
We're having a couple of problems. you and I.
No shit!
Yeah. I want you to tell me something.
Tell me what the fuck you got in this bag.
What? Start talking.
It's old stuff.
I don't even do that anymore.
Listen. if you're gonna be so goddamn nosy. why don't you explain why you're hiding pictures of Julian in your shaving kit.
I don't hide pictures of Julian in the washroom.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You promised me you were never gonna go on the street again.
And I haven't! You promised me you weren't gonna drink again.
And you are!
Beer or wine coolers is not drinking.
It is drinking! I think you've been lying to me all along.
We agreed. No more man-whoring.
You're the liar.
You're out of your goddamn mind!
Oh. you turned real tough ever since Ricky shaved your head. did you.
If you go on the hard liquor again.
I'm out of here.
Are you ready. Bubs?
Moment of truth. fuck. I get nervous about things like this.
I hope we've wired it right.
Well. if we didn't. we'll just fix it.
Nice work!
Yeah! Yes!
Oh. hang on. they're smoking a bit.
It's just the foil.
It'll smoke for about an hour.
How's it going. boys? fucking incredible.
How did you do on your test. man?
You know what. Julian?
I think I fucking aced it.
No way!
Congrats. man!
Good job!
Check this shit out. boys!
I think you're onto something good.
Dope is success.
You don't need business plans or charts or pictures or any of that bullshit.
You hiring?
What. you'd actually come work for me?
If that means getting his cats back. yeah. I'll help out.
Well. I got no problem with that. but I'm in charge.
This is my thing.
You're the boss. bud.
Julian. look at them.
Think of the money we can make going door to door selling these things.
Who the fuck is that coming? fuck. it's Lahey.
He's in the fuckmobile. boys.
Howdy. guys!
Guess who's back on the liquor... fuck. I'm sorry. Jim.
I thought you were the garbage.
What the fuck do you want?
Actually. Ricky.
I was just driving around. looking for someone to be my friend.
Oh. Looking for friends. are you?
So. who do we got tonight?
Friendly Lahey out for a couple of drinks... or Fucky. The Drunk Clown?
Ricky. you never know... when the circus is gonna come to town.
You better stand back. buddy.
Oh. you fucking drunk prick!
I should've fucking known it.
Why is it that every fucking thing
I try to do always gets cocked up?
Oh... I probably don't need to point this out. but we have another massive failure on our hands. fuck this bullshit!
We're going to the animal shelter. and we're breaking my cats out tonight.
I got this planned out. so get suited up. we're doing this.
And don't argue with me.
But I can't...
Don't do it!
Why do we have to fucking back in?
'Cause I'm in charge. Ricky.
And I want us to pull in the right way to make a getaway. Okay. boys.
Now listen. Stick to the plan and it should go off without a hitch.
All right? This is a McMillan    .
I researched this.
Now the excess magnetization from a hotel card...
...coupled with the reverse polarity of a high interest rate credit card. should allow a Nova Scotia health card modified to...
Come on. baby. Ching. fuck it!
Come on. boys. Okay. now wedge something in there
'cause now that I've overruled the mechanism. it locks from both sides.
Julian. go in position B. You guys. sorry but you fuck up too much.
I can't believe that worked!
I'm in position.
Stay out here...
Come on!
Grab these boxes.
Get as many kitties as you can.
Shut the fuck up!
Ricky. you're agitating them.
Making them louder.
Keep it down!
Listen to them now. They're fucking barking their heads off.
Shut the fuck upI
Shut the fuck upI
You're just agitating them.
Go over to cell block  .
Get the fuck going.
More of my kitties are over there.
Listen to the fucking dogs!
You motherfucker!
Someone's coming. fuck offI
Do you know how much these fucking pants cost? fuck. boys...
Get down. Everybody get down!
We gotta keep grabbing...
Roof! Roof! You fucking like the sound of that?
I'm grabbing these cats first.
Julian. the dogs are ruining everything. They're fucking this up.
They won't leave me alone.
They're biting my cock.
They ripped my beautiful pants.
Bubbles. come in.
Get the fuck out of there.
You know how fucking long
I've had these track pants?
Can't even get them anymore.
You dirty cocksucker.
Ricky. what are you doing?!
Oh. my God!
Bubbles. I forgot my fucking pants!
Reverse polarity.
Jesus. boys. which card is it?
I can't remember.
Yo. what the fuck!
Let me out!
Listen. sirens!
Guys. get me out of here!
The cops are coming.
We gotta leave you behind.
Sorry. T.
Sorry. man. they have my fucking track pants.
Don't move! Stay where you are!
Who breaks into the fucking SPCA?!
Hey. des tu me. Julian?
Ah... I don't want to talk to him right now.
Can I "aks" you something real quick?
It's me. the motherfucker whose DJ's in jail
'cause you fucked up. bitch!
Tell me it ain't true. dog.
Tell me what the truth is.
Where the fuck is Tat?
Listen. Tyrone's my friend. too.
Where's he at?
He's in jail.
Oh. my fuck. I feel bad for you.
'cause I'm about to bip you in the eye.
Bip! Bip!
Okay. everything's my fault.
If you want to hit me to make you feel better. go for it.
All right. Shut your eyes and set your alarm clock. bitch.
'Cause I'll tumble right now.
You try to line up with the jaw -
I was in charge.
All right. it's my fault T's in jail.
And you have no idea how fucking terrible I feel. motherfucker. Bubbles. tell me that ain't the truth.
It is.
And I'm... sorry.
So you fucked up.
My DJ's in jail.
That's all because of your fucking kitties.
B. you should feel terrible.
What the fuck do you think is gonna happen with my career. dog?
Another man in jail
'cause of your kitties.
Go on with your stripe-shaped head.
It's whack and I'm not feeling it.
I know it is.
Enjoy your success. man.
Hope it smells nice on the outside where my DJ ain't.
Wanna see success. Julian?
Keep your eyes on this! Yo!
Keep your eyes on this! Yo! Yo!
Brap! Yo!
One little piggy... two little piggies... three little piggies.
What about our food?
Randy. I decided to lay off the food for a bit. and go on booze.
You were right.
The beer was clouding my judgement.
I made a decision.
I need this to help me get through.
You had to have one drink of beer. didn't you?
You don't understand!
The liquor's calling the shots now.
Hey. Randy?
Where are you going. bud?
Mr. Lahey. where did you get all the money for the liquor?
Randy. to be perfectly honest:
I had to dip into the Cuba fund.
I need the hard liquor to help me make it through this.
I'm leaving you. Mr. Lahey.
Maybe it's for the best. Randy.
Maybe I need to drink this out alone. bud.
You can't make it without me. bud!
You'll be back.
I fall
To pieces
Each time I see you again
I fall to pieces
Just me and the liquor now.
Julian. I know what you're trying to do here.
I know you're trying to get me drunk.
So. what's the big announcement?
Let's just get it out.
I wanna rob a bank.
Rob a bank?
It's not exactly robbing a bank.
It's more like intercepting money transfers.
They're at the bank. we go in. take them?
That's robbing a bank.
Julian. that's armed robbery.
I'm not fucking doing that. fuck that.
We don't need to use guns on this one.
Ricky. you know how dumb those armed guards are.
They show up at the bank every Friday at precisely   o'clock... to collect the money deposits. okay?
All we gotta do is show up minutes before them. dressed exactly like they are. in the same uniforms. with an armoured van. and it'll be a piece of cake.
Piece of cake.
If it was a piece of cake like that. why wouldn't people do it every day. and people would be walking in. talking piles of money?
'Cause they don't have the balls.
Yeah. well. neither do I.
Let's just enjoy our meals. okay?
You guys don't have to give me an answer right now.
Just think about it. Thanks. boys.
And some more shooters and stuff. too.
Give me the keys. You're hammered.
Give me them.
I'm not fucking going home yet. guys.
Oh. no. A couple more drinks.
Everything's closed.
The fucking Dirty Burger's set up on the waterfront.
I heard they're serving liquor. Come on.
Come on. guys!
Come on! We're partying here!
I don't wanna go drinking at the goddamn Dirty Burger.
Shutting it down yet. boys.
Come on! Let's party here!
Just hang on.
I don't wanna go out there.
Why not?
No. no: liquor. drinks. Come on!
Let's get some more drinks.
Man-whores. Ricky.
I'm scared of them.
Man-whores can't do anything to you.
What do you mean. scared?
Come on! Liquor. drinks. Come on!
How did you get so drunk? shooters. Bubs!
You know how the liquor works!
Drink it and you're drunk!
Oh yeah. look at the mob.
Relax. Buds. Come on.
Philly! Hey!
Good. buddy!
We need some burgers and some drinks!
Come over here. buddy!
Get a burger and a free drink at the Dirty Burger!
Jacob! Drinks! Drinks! Drinks!
Let's go!
Come on. son! How are you doing?
Good. How are you doing?
Good. man. good.
We're fucking on her tonight.
Come on. Bubs. Let's get some.
Come on. Jacob.
Let's get that grub up.
Let's have a burger here.
And some drinks. buddy.
Burgers and some fucking drinks.
Keep your head on a swivel around here.
Let's go with the drinks.
Come on...
He's sucking the dart.
I'm not fucking going anywhere.
Are you serious?
I'm staying right here. and I'm gonna have another fucking few drinks.
I'm gonna eat about four burgers. and fucking shut her down then.
Ricky. I'm not hanging around here -
Boys. boys. boys...
That's Randy.
That's not fucking Randy... fucking Randy where? fuck. he's changing.
What's he doing here. man?
What do you think he's doing on Man Whore Alley?
He's hooking.
He's hooking for cheeseburgers.
That sucks.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Moving up to the top not by stepping on but merely by stepping over.
Must be fighting with Lahey.
I'd say so.
He's not a bad dancer. though.
Odd thing to say. Julian.
Who the fuck's the guy that he's talking to?
Don't I know that guy?
He does look familiar.
Oh. my Christ...
He's going with him.
Oh. my fuck! Check it out. boys!
That fucking car is fucking awesome!
El Camino. stroked out to a    . fucking mint.
Posi-traction. nitrous... horsepower. dual exhaust. fucking original paint.
You better believe it. big boy!
Ricky. come here.
Those are man-whores.
Greasy man-whores.
Bubs. who gives a fuck?
A fucking El Camino!
You gotta pop the hood.
I gotta see your fucking engine.
All right. I'm gonna get some drinks.
You guys like to party? fucking party!
All right. here we...
It's time to go home.
You like to fucking party?
Oh. I love to party... fucking clean!
Okay. boys. You got the wrong idea.
Ricky. we're going home.
What a bunch of party poopers.
You're fucking wasted. buddy.
What the fuck?
What are you doing. coming down here with only    fucking dollars!
Stay where you are. Nobody move.
Run. everybody. run!
We're fucked!
Dad. we're not fucked.
We are fucked! You sons of bitches!
Come on. We might need him.
Officer. we can take him home from here. okay?
He's a really good friend of ours.
We've been looking for him all night. trying to get him off the street.
He doesn't need jail. he just needs his friends right now.
I need my buddies.
What do you think. Keith?
He's good people. fucking right!
All right.
All right. You can take him home.
All right. thanks. officer.
You got some good friends here. buddy.
We're taking you home. buddy.
Come on. fuck off. fuck off.
Take it easy. fuck. Randy!
Just get him home.
That your fucking bag. Randy? fuck off!
Use your legs. bud.
What the fuck are you doin'?
We're going home. Randy. fucking... You know what?
Just fucking pick me up here tomorrow. boys.
I gotta...
I gotta piss. guys.
Randy. don't...
Get up.
Give me my arm back.
I'm tired. and I wanna go back home...
...and get some drinks.
Julian. he's pissing all over the...
Randy... place.
Randy. Come on. wake up.
Ricky. get up.
Would you mind if I stayed with you for a little while? I got nowhere to go.
Yeah. you can stay on my deck. Randy.
Thanks. Julian.
It will be our secret.
What went on last night. man?
Don't think it's any of your business.
You think I'm stupid?
You can't expect to waltz back in here after a night of man-whoring. and fall back into my arms?
You can't do that to me. Randy.
You can't!
I'm not! I'm just here to get a couple of things.
My fryer. my onions...
I thought you should know.
I'm livin' with Julian.
What did you say?
I'm living with Julian.
We're dating.
How often you working out anyway?
Just keep shoveling. okay?
Won't have to go to the gym today.
I really hate to interrupt this!
We're filling the sewer. and you should be helping us.
We need to talk.
Yeah. I gotta talk to you too. man.
Check it out.
An exact duplicate. man.
Precise in every detail.
This is a fucking work of art. man.
Well. you did a great job. but it doesn't mean fuck all to me.
'Cause I'm not doin' it.
Grade fucking    came today in the mail.
Randy... take the van. hide it in the dump before Lahey starts snooping around.
Sure thing.
You gotta think about this. man.
Well. I've thought about it. you know?
It's time for me and my family.
Not for this.
Well. basically. after today.
I mean. I'm gonna get my grade   .
I wanna share that with my family. and... just start being a good person.
Not doing jobs anymore with Julian.
Not doing a bank robbery for goddamn sure. it's stupid.
Once you have a grade   . you don't need to rob banks.
Why would you?
You can do anything.
I hope someday.
I can work with Julian again.
But right now. my kitties are on the line. and I can't take any more chances with that. till he gets his shit back together.
Hey. Bubbles!
What are you doing here?
I came to accept that job offer.
Fantastic news.
The best news of the day.
Snap of liquor?
Is that all hard liquor?
It's all liquor. It's all hard.
Oh. my fuck...
Glad you came to your senses. Bub.
Listen. Mr. Lahey.
This is only if I can get the first six months of my pay in advance. I'm sorry. but... those are my conditions.
You drive a hard bargain. Bubbles.
This is just between me and you:
Julian's gonna take the new trailer
'cause he has no choice.
Oh... Look. do we have a deal or not?
I need something in writing.
Absolutely. Bubs.
You're gonna have your paperwork in a minute. but... first. if you don't mind.
I would appreciate if you would take care of these for me. please.
I thought I was the garden manager!
Garden managers don't fucking wash old dirty pairs of underwear.
You have many different varieties of jobs. Bubbles.
Do you want it or not?
Hey. Bubs! Hey. bud.
Got your contract.
There's a... few extra-curricular activities
I need you to take care of here.
There you go.
So. I want you to take the gator over.
You okay to drive the gator?
I need you to go over and get the wheelbarrow. come back. and gravel around here. okay?
Mr. Lahey. I don't understand anything you're saying.
I said. get the wheelbarrow. and bring...
Good work. Bubs.
Okay. are you all right?
A man can only take so much abuse.
I've been playin' Mr. Nice Guy for too long.
If Julian wants a fucking pissing match.
I'm your man.
You want a shot of Sweet Jack?
That's a goddamn dirty drink.
You guys wanna see something?
I'm asking you.
Do you wanna see me do something really fucked up?
Drink. Rand?
This is an emergency evacuation of all trailers in this area.
I repeat: evacuate immediately.
Get out. everybody!
Get the fuck out!
Evacuate all trailers immediately!
There's a construction accident about to occur. This is an emergency.
What the hell is he doin'?
He flipped. Julian!
...trailers in this area.
We gotta get the fuck out of here.
I repeat! Evacuate. emergency!
A potential construction accident is about to occur.
Let's get the fuck out of here!
Get out of the fucking trailers! Now!
Oh... no!
You guys were in a fucking incredible accident.
Julian. don't look so concerned. bud!
I got a cheque for  .    bucks from construction insurance comin' your way.
Guess what. Randy? I'm gonna be able to build the fucking sewer.
Best news yet: you guys get your own place.
Just up the street from me.
Win-win situation. boys.
You finally lost it. Jim.
You think you won. don't you?
Well. guess what: my trailer's insured for $  .   . which means I'm gonna rebuild it right there. on that site.
Oh...! What's left to say. guys?
You guys are made for each other.
Two sexy guys. who don't have anything to do with Jim Lahey.
'cause he likes to have a little drink once in a while.
You're a crazy fucking drunk.
Yeah? The only difference between me and you. Julian. is a couple of drinks.
I got the letter from the grade   .
Oh! Well?
Open it. Lucy. I can't do it.
All right. Okay. ready?
"Dear Richard" -
Come on. come on! What did I get?
"It is our sincerest... regret to" -
What did I get? What did I get?
Out of what?
So. I didn't get it.
Bubbles. where's Lahey?
He's inside. Why?
Stop what you're doing. and come with me.
Let go!
What's goin' on. Julian?
You come for the keys to the trailer?
I'm not movin'.
Is it true what they say about you and Randy?
Yeah. It is.
Julian... let me take care of you.
You get away from me!
You and I will have our day!
Oh. I look forward to that day.
Well. looks like I'm in now.
This is the exact replica of the armoured van that's gonna show up at the bank today at precisely   o'clock.
Exact in every detail.
Think those guys made their decals out of electric tape?
Don't pick at it.
These are my hockey sticks. and old lattice work.
Trust me.
No one will notice the difference.
Are you serious about this?
What are we gonna wear?
These are made out of foam.
They're not exactly bullet-proof.
They don't need to be.
They just have to look like they are.
No guns on this one.
That'd be armed robbery.
We don't have to go there.
Oh. I like the no guns thing.
Did Ricky agree to that?
No. we just have to go talk to him.
All right. let's suit up!
Ricky. I need to talk to you.
Come over. man! This is important!
We talked about this. okay?
I'm not doin' it. I'm with my family.
Don't be showin' up here. trying to pressure me to do stuff I don't wanna do.
Lahey tried to kill me.
Okay. this is an emergency.
Could you step outside for a minute?
Just what do you mean.
Lahey tried to fucking kill you?
Lahey demolished Success Auto Body.
My fucking trailer's destroyed.
Yeah. Ricky. He almost killed him.
He's on the hard liquor. Hard.
Are you fucking serious?
Yes! You gotta help us out. man!
We have to do this before Lahey kills one of us. okay?
The armoured van is perfect.
I spent a lot of time on that.
It looks real. Ricky.
Come on. I've got an uniform for you -
Julian. I failed my fucking grade   .
Jail paper came today.
They said I failed was what got wrote on it.
You listen to me.
Are you gonna let a little piece of paper take you out. huh?
Grade    is inside of you. man.
It's in your heart.
Just like it's inside of me. just like it's inside of those two.
Randy only has grade   on paper. but grade    is inside of him. man!
Come on... You've been a fighter for as long as I've known you. man.
Now shake this off. Get up! Come on.
So. you're in. Bubbles?
I'm in. Ricky.
I've got no choice. I'm in.
Do you know what the fuck you're doin'?
I'm at the top of my game.
Come on. Ricky. Listen.
It's a fucking piece of paper.
Come on. please...
When do you ever care about paper?
I don't. I don't give a fuck about paper. fuck paper.
That's right. get mad. fuck books and fuck grade   .
Even though we do... all have it in us.
Yeah. Ricky. come on!
Put it in. Let's do this.
I feel like doin' this.
Come on. fuck it. Let's fucking do it.
How long are we gonna be gone?
You're going to have a new RV in    minutes.
I'm in.
Lucy. I'm gonna be back in    minutes.
Just gonna go for a little drive.
No big deal.
Where's my uniform?
No dicking around. Bubbles. In and out.
We gotta go. We gotta do this.
I know. Ricky. I know!
But I gotta do this.
...they're cute.
Hi. Jenny. could I speak to you in private?
We're very busy. and Jenny's got -
I really need to speak to her.
I can't have you barging -
I insist! I need to speak to her.
Bubbles? Hurry the fuck up. and get the fuck out to the vanI
One Robby Baker.
You get the fuck in the van right now.
Time's gonna run out and you know it.
Ricky. relax for two seconds.
I'm not gonna fucking relax! I'm not!
Jenny. don't worry about that.
Listen. we're about to do something. and it's a bit tense.
And there's a chance that I might not come back if things fuck up.
Will you promise me if that happens... you'll look after my kitties. please?
I promise.
You will?
Pinky swear?
Pinky swear.
You have to.
Thank you. Jenny. You're the best.
Should never have come. Get in. fuck! How much time do you need?
Do you wanna go on a date or something?
Me and you on a date?
Yeah. To the movies. or...
I'd love to go on a date with you.
Hurry the fuck up!
Ricky. I swear the fuck on Jezebel
I'll fucking corn-on-the cob you!
Bubbles. I'm sorry. but it is fucking time!
I'm sorry. I don't know who you are. he's late for his work.
I apologize.
He's being a real dick today.
I'm being a dick?
You're being a fucking dick.
Do you know what's fucking at stake?
Get the fuck in the van.
Ricky. you're...
Look at these things.
That's what they're saying to us right now. Get in.
I want everybody to stay cool. and stay calm.
If you stay cool. no one will know the difference. Here we go. boys.
Let's go.
Oh. my God. man! It's locked!
It's fucking locked.
Sorry. guys.
Here you go. guys.
All right... thank you.
Give me a hand. man.
Randy. come on.
We gotta get out of here.
You gotta go home.
For fuck's sakes!
You gotta get out of here right now!
You get out!
They're gonna rip you off. Randy!
They won't!
You wanna fucking fight?
Mr. Lahey. just go!
Oh my. Jesus. Look over there.
Mr. Lahe...
Julian. come in. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck!
Guys. get the fuck out of here!
Are you crazy?
Oh. Mr. Lahey... fuck! fuck. Lahey. you can't...
Guys. guys. It's just a drunk guy.
We know him.
He's in love with. uh... our driver.
Oh. fuck! What the fuck are you guys doing here!
Just a documentary crew doing a show about our work. but you're not supposed to follow us out here.
I told you to stay the fuck outside.
Stay back. guys.
Seriously. we got this.
Thank you for your response.
How dare you let Randy...
Things are getting fucky here.
...get involved in your little shit fever.
Jim. you are out of line right now.
Do you want to see Randy go to jail?
That's why I'm here!
I don't wanna see Randy go to jail.
And I don't wanna see you go to jail either. Julian. 'cause I love you.
I fucking love you too. Jim.
All right?
Let's talk about this back at the park.
What did you say?
Let's talk about this back -
Tsst. before that.
Yeah. the other thing.
What. I fucking love you.
I knew it all along.
There's a lot of fucking rumours going around the park about you loving Randy. you taking Randy -
What are you talking -
You just told him you love him!
I just did that to get him the fuck out of here!
Okay. Let's get out of here. then.
Stay calm.
I heard that. Julian.
I heard that...
You didn't actually think he loved you?
Hey. bud? Going up?
I'm afraid. help me!
Oh. my fuck!
Julian! I'm gonna jump. and it's all your fault!
Keep calm!
What the fuck is wrong with you!
Why do you always gotta follow us around. and keep fucking us around like this!?
I'm sexy. aren't I?
I'm a lot more sexy than Randy. and you know that.
Julian said he loved me.
But he was lying. don't trust him.
He was lying. and I'm flying!
Boys. what are we gonna do?
He's gonna fucking jump!
He's not gonna jump.
I do love you. but just as a friend!
Not enough. Julian! Not enough.
He's gonna jump.
Good luck. buddies.
Here's a little drinky-poo for you!
Have a good life. shit weasel!
Julian. if he jumps. that's gonna be on your head.
He's not gonna jump.
He's looking for attention.
And we're millionaires now.
We don't go up. and fucking save drunken lunatics -
Guys. guys! He's gonna jump!
I'm gonna go up. and talk to him.
Wait in the van for four minutes.
If I'm not back. head back to Sunnyvale.
I'll meet you there.
Are you fucking kidding me?
You really are in love with him.
I'm not... fucking in love with him.
Get in the van. This is unbelievable.
I hope you're fucking happy about this.
Get the fuck in the van. In the van.
Hi. Julian.
What are you doin'?
Randy told me.
He said that you and him were dating.
We're not dating.
He's just workin' for me.
So. you don't love him?
Say you love me. Julian.
Just tell me one time before I jump.
Lie to me.
I can't.
Is there ever a chance that you could love me?
Hurry the fuck up!
We've got two minutes!
The bottle's empty. Julian.
I'm flying out of here!
Just one more drink... out of my glass before you go.
Thanks. Julian.
My last drink.
I finally did it! I quit drinking!
Julian... Julian. you tricked me!
Oh... Holy shit!
Gimme that.
Listen. why didn't you let me jump?
Just shut the fuck up!
What are you talking about?
You love me. don't you!
We're doing a robbery right now.
You take this. you gotta stay calm.
Act normal.
No problem. Julian.
Act normal. right?
What is he doin'?
What the fuck. boys! Just go!
All right. put this on. and get the fuck out of here.
Julian. I got something in my underwear I want you to see.
It's a contract.
You're gonna sign it before you go anywhere.
Randy. get out here and deal with this.
You promise?
No time for underwear contracts.
We need to leave.
Holy shit. guys... Good luck.
Money cops...
Stop right there!
Stay calm.
Don't worry. they're dumb.
They're gonna shoot.
No. they're not gonna shoot.
Let's all relax. guys!
Okay. let's smoke a big joint.
I got some really nice hash right here.
A camera marker.
What the fuck are you doing?!
Go to your van!
We need cover over here! Help us!
Are you okay? It's just a fat wound.
Don't let me die. Ricky.
You're not gonna die.
Stay low.
Okay. okay...
Get him in the van! Hurry up!
Come on. Randy.
We gotta go! We gotta go!
Just drive normal. Julian. Don't do anything to draw attention to us.
Come on. get us out of here.
I don't hear any cops. fuck. it's Lahey.
Pull over! I wanna take Randy to the hospital!
It's just a fat wound!
Get the fuck out of here!
Randy. are you okay?
Come on!
Give it some gas!
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Ricky... let me do this.
Ricky. I'm gonna be ruined.
You just get back in the car.
You don't have no idea.
If I don't get the fucking sewer line in. I lose everything.
This is what has to happen right now. because you're fucking everything up.
Go to a bar. have a couple of drinks. leave us alone. please!
There. You can't have it signed now.
We're on now. bud.
I'm in charge of...
I'll be ahead of you.
Stay away from us.
You can't run far enough.
You can't run fast enough.
You guys are fucked.
I'm in charge now.
We're the fuck out of here. fuck off. leave us alone!
What the fuck are you doing?!
How you doin'. Ricky!
I'm livin' the dream. bud! shit... I'm livin' the dream.
But first. I gotta take a little piss.
Get us out of his piss arc!
You wanna start a little piss war.
Go ahead. piss on us!
I'm going to piss on him. Julian.
Take the wheel.
What? Ricky!
Boys. the cops are behind us.
I'm not stoppin'. I'm not stopping.
Speed it up!
Pull up to him. Bubbles! Steady it!
Ricky. what the fuck are you doing?
Oh. fuck! Ricky!
I'm gonna work up another fucking piss. Ricky!
You're in fucking shit.
Gimme that fucking bottle. you son of a bitch!
Look what you've done!
Mr. Lahey. I'm not going to make it!
Take the money!
What the fuck?!
See you in jail. boys!
Hey. camera dicks. look out!
Sorry. boys. I rolled her.
Oh. cock!
All right. everybody just fucking relax here. okay?
It's just a big misunderstanding. there's a guy... fuck off!
There's a guy in his underwear that's fucking around peeing on people.
Easy! Ah!
Let go of my drink.
This is fucking too much.
You can't do this kind of shit to regular people like us.
It's the guy in the underwear you want!
Not us! fucking Jesus...
We didn't even cause this. guys.
We didn't even cause this.
Okay. boys.
I'm arresting you for robbery. resisting arrest. public urination...
Who the fuck is that?
Oh. my fuck! It's you!
What are you talking about?
You're the fucking undercover drunk male prostitute!
Grand larceny. public intoxication...
You are fucking drunk right now.
Will you stop it...
This guy's drunk.
He's reading us our rights fucking drunk.
Reckless endangerment.
Who's drunk?
I want him checked.
Smell him!
Do the breath thing to him.
You know he's fucked up.
No. I'm not drunk.
Yes. you're drunk.
This is gonna be good for our fucking hearing tomorrow.
I told you I'm not drunk!
I had one lousy drink!
Yeah. buddy!
It's not our fault!
It's this documentary crew!
Look at this guy!
With the microphone in his hand!
Somebody arrest...
And this fucking camera dick. right here!
You fucking guys caused this accident.
We didn't do shit! We didn't do shit!
What the fuck is this van right here?
You caused the fucking accident!
Told you not to come in the bank.
I don't know if you heard the news. but we're getting out of here in like two weeks. they fucked up: the arresting officer was drunk. which we can prove now.
And our lawyer said we got a really really good chance.
So. I guess we'll see you guys in two weeks.
But I recommend not following us around if you know what I mean.
Yeah. guys. when we get out in two weeks. could you... please fuck off with the cameras.
Yes. I created a programme called
Cats For Inmates.
I contacted the jail outreach programme. and we are able to bring in a bunch of cats from the shelter to come and play with the people in jail.
And. yeahI It's been this huge success.
I hear. you know?
Apparently. there's been a lot more cooperation amongst the inmates. and they're really enjoying their time with the cats.
I know. I... I'm really happy about it.
Jenny's just a fantastic girl.
She said she's gonna wait for me to get out of jail. and she wants to go on a date.
So. I might. I don't know if she... wants to be my girlfriend or not. but... I'm thinking I'd like that.
It's healing up pretty good. eh?
No one knows what happened to Mr. Lahey.
My guess is he's probably just off hiding in the woods somewhere.
What's liquor without the love?
A glass of shit.
Can I get another drink here. please?
Today. on MTV News. major developments in the Canadian rap scene.
How did a completely unknown MC go from playing video dances for $   a night to five sold-out shows at Massey Hall. and a major label bidding war on his back catalogue of    previously unreleased albums?
With    years of determination. and never giving up on his dream.
No matter how tough it got.
J- Roc never dropped the mic.
I met up with him in Toronto on the release of his new single.
Can't Not Be Feeling This.
So congratulations on all your success. this is very big news for you.
It is big. dog.
What's your name again?
You know what I'm sayin'?
Thank you. Aliya-Jasmills.
You know. there's a lot of label buzz about you. right now.
The industry's talking about you.
Hum. but I understand it's also bittersweet for you.
Let me get something straight. dog.
Straighter than them big. long getaway sticks.
I wanna be very clear about one thing. dog.
My new record's called
Get My DJ Out Of Jail.
And that ain't exploitin'. know what I'm saying?
Because he is in jail right now. you know what I'm sayin'?
That's just the reality of my troops.
What exactly happened to you DJ?
I don't wanna give away the specifics.
Suffice to say. dog. he did some robberization.
And some B&Es. Yeah!
He ain't gone away forever. dog.
And he did it for a good reason.
Which I won't... I'm not at... legal liberty to say what exactly he was doin' up in there. but he's gonna be out soon.
And when he's out. he's gonna taste the champagnes with me.
T. this is for you and me. dog.
If you're watching from up in there. pound it.
Hands up. let's go!
Put your hands up!
Oh. yeah! Yeah!
Hands up. third floor!
Put your hands up. yo!
Can't not be feeling this
J- Roc's got the quickness
Can't not be feeling this
Like a shorty with the thickness
We've been over this and over this
'Cause you can't not be feeling this
J- Roc's got the quickness
Like a shorty with the thickness
We've been over this and over this
'Cause you can't not be feeling this
Hey yo can I get a witness
One of you all to testify
Who the dopest MC is
You want a hint
You might want to consider this
Played out all your ladies
And I'm still harder than calculus
I'll tell you this
While I flow like the Flowbee
Shorties in the club
Pushing up like they know me
They don't be they just wish
They got R-O-C on the Christmas list
SPL bliss bein'this MC
And like Tarzan
I'm swingin'from shorty to shorty
So go ahead boy
Suck you teeth
If you'll excuse me ladies
This way please
You can't not be feeling this
I said you can't not be feeling this
J- Roc's got the quickness
Like a shorty with the thickness
We've been over this and over this
A lot of ladies out tonight
Everywhere I look
My mind blowing at the sight
Like some hot air Chinook
See what they're wearin'
This one her name is Sharon
She says I feel like sharin' my friend
Whose name is Sharon
I'm like when and where
And unhookin' their apparel
And starin' right down the barrel
Just darin' them to pair up
Loudest joints are blarin'
Every motherfucker's starin'
They're barin' underwear
And I'm just tryin' to keep my bearings
Then the three of us slip out
When the time is right
There's a lot of ladies out tonight
Say it with me!
Lot of ladies out tonight uh
Lot of ladies out tonight uh
Yo J-Roc's got the quickness
Like a shorty with the thickness
We've been over this and over this
Hey you down with double negatives
Lot of ladies out tonight
Show them hands!
Lot of ladies out tonight uh
Uh. show them hands!
Come on. y'all sluts.
Massey Hall hands up!
J- Roc's got the quickness
Like a shorty with the thickness
We've been over this and over this
Hey you down with double negatives
J- Roc's got the quickness
Like a shorty with the thickness
We've been over this and over this
Hey what'd y'all get for Christmas
Blam. blam yo!
Peace out. Massey Hall. you know what I'm sayin'?
One love. stay in school. kids.
Well I'm howling for my baby
Standing in the rain
Yes I'm howling for my baby
People ain't this a shame
Well she left a note
Hanging on the door
Said I don't wanna see you anymore
And the rain fell down on my head
Said open the door babe
And let me in
I said open the door babe
Don't make me knock down the door
You okay man?
Mr. Green!
Hey, what's up? What's up?
Good to see you, candy man. What's up, Hydro?
It's been a minute, dawg.
What's up with y'all?
Sorry about the circumstances and all that, right? Sayin'.
Yo, what's up with T man?
Man, T at a halfway house, y'all. But he gonna be here.
What the fuck are you doing here?
I invited myself.
Yeah? Well, fucking get him out of here.
You couldn't wear a fucking shirt to a funeral, Randy?
I got the keys. Just take it easy, the transmission's slipping.
I'll pick it up after work.
Do you mind putting some gas in it?
How's the mall, George?
I got some good dope for you,
I'll bring it by after work.
Thanks, Ricky.
Good to see you, Julian.
We're not friends, we're business partners. Don't forget it.
Okay, tough guy.
We've got the buyers in Montreal, everything's set, bring all you can bring.
Alright, cool.
Did you hear that?
The cops threw the old man out of the dump, so he moved to the goddamn parking lot of the old Zellers downtown.
He was selling hotdogs and drinking. He was there almost a year.
He wouldn't listen to anybody.
I fucking warned him about the propane.
Last Monday at   a.m., there was a great big explosion.
Some bums witnessed it, said Ray was down there. fucking drunk, smoking cigarettes.
Trying to steal propane for his grill and that was it, fucking ka-blamo. motherfucker, he blew himself up.
Sad like a motherfucker too, ain't it?
I was down with Ray, dawg.
I loved that old white boy.
Over this way, please. Everybody gather around over here.
Get the fuck out of the way.
Thanks for coming today, everyone.
We're gathered here today at Ray's sanctuary.
This is a place that most of us would... rightly call the dump.
But not Ray.
For Ray, this was like his personal paradise.
We're here today to remember Ray, and all of the things that he taught us.
To celebrate what a wonderful man he was.
He wasn't wonderful, he was shitty.
Maybe the shittiest man there ever was, ever will be.
You better shut your fucking mouth right now. goddamn right, you bald-headed, bespectacled bitch!
It's a funeral, motherfucker!
I'm gonna slap the white boy out your mouths!
You don't disrespect a motherfucker like that at his own funeral!
What the fuck's wrong with you, bitch?
You too Randy, get the fuck back, fucking Simon Cowell with titties!
You're out of fucking line right now.
Sorry, Julian.
My apologies, everyone.
Can you please just fucking leave?
How could you say that?
Randy, Ray isn't dead.
Piss still flows in the jug, bud.
Come on, Randy.
How could you say that?
Instant karla, fucky!
Jesus Christ, Ricky! fucking asshole.
Ricky get up. Ricky... fucking drunk, Bubbs.
My dad was the...
It's okay, Ricky.
Bubbs, can you fucking read this for me?
Yeah, Ricky. It's okay.
Ricky's a little too upset.
Understandably, so...
I'm going to read the words that he prepared.
My dad wasn't always right, but he acted like he was.
And that was the most important thing to be thunk of.
My dad was awesome.
And if you don't like him... you can fuck off.
That's it. Thank you.
Here's to fucking Ray. fucking way she goes. fucking way she goes. fucking way she goes.
Present arms!
Jesus Christ, Jacob.
What the fuck was that?
Sorry, Julian.
Oh my fuck, Tyrone!
What is he doing?
He's breaking the fuck north, dawg. He hates that halfway house.
He knows if he gets out of the province they can't fuck with him.
Oh man, that's a dumb move.
He's gonna end up back in jail.
Like you know a lot about staying out of jail.
How's it going?
Jesus Christ! fucking flyers.
My dad said the biggest mistakes of my life was giving up on growing dope.
Well that, and working for Julian.
And for a while,
I did give up on dope.
Everybody said I was done.
Cops, judges, Lahey...
They all said, and I kofe,
"I'd never, ever grow dope again."
Does this look like I'd never, ever grow dope again? fuck those guys. Dope's a part of me, and I can't change that.
Dope's a part of everybody.
I don't know if you know this, but people have these naturally occurring cannabinoid sectors in their brain.
What the fuck do you think we have those there for?
It's for dope to get us high, that's what.
The biggest question I had to figure out last time I went to jail was: how in the fuck can I keep doing this and not get caught?
But, I also had to figure out where in the fuck to grow the dope.
Should I grow it in the trailer park?
Lahey's gonna be fucking with me,
I'll have cops all over my ass.
It just doesn't fucking work.
Cops aren't going to fuck with me in the sub-division.
Lahey is definitely not going to fuck with me in the sub-division.
This is all mine now.
I have all of this, because my dad said, "Don't fucking work with Julian."
Thanks for the fucking advice,
Dad. Wish you were here, bud.
Ricky did this. He caused my stroke.
Happened the day he got out of jail, when he shit himself back into this park.
Now I'm a prisoner, and he's free to go wherever he wants, whenever he wants.
Fortunately he's growing his dope somewhere else.
But when he shits, he still shits in the park.
It is dirty fucking tough.
I mean, I can't get a real job. Can't get any job.
Employers see how many times I've been to jail, and they think it's a mistake on the goddamn paperwork.
Then I have to say,
"No, no that's accurate,
I've been in there that many times."
Here's your chicken and liquor.
It's $  , plus $   for delivery.
You know, so now I've just been slinging chicken, and beer, and cigarettes and liquor to people for a $   fee just to get by.
Oh Jesus, I almost forgot your cigarettes.
Corey Hart! Ha! Ha!
It wasn't fucking easy.
I got out of jail and I was just as broke and fucked up as everyone else.
So... I fell back on bouncing at the Red Knight.
This skinny little prick was fucking around, got up on the bar, started dancing.
He was wasted, I was wasted.
I grabbed a hold of him, threw him down, put him in a hold.
And I don't know what happened, the guy fucking sucker-punched me.
Knocked me out in front of everybody.
I mean, even my doorman saw it.
That forced me to step back and say to myself,
"Julian, are you a fucking bouncer, or are you a businessman?"
My business has been up and running for two months now.
Good evening, Sergeant.
Go for it.
Come on, go, go, go.
Nice job, buddy.
Thanks, Julian.
Oh! Jesus Christ, Jacob!
Jacob, turn the piss off!
I'm really sorry, Jules.
Man, you're here almost every day, someone's going to notice something.
This stuff is liquid fucking gold, okay?
These guys in Montreal want the whole fucking thing.
It's going to make you and I a lot of money.
Julian's got the Lincoln!
Hey, man.
Yeah, sure.
I got a little present for you too, man, from the harvest.
Here you go, bud.
Right on. Thanks, buddy. fucking best I've ever grown.
Looks good, man.
Smooth as fuck.
What the fuck's wrong with you?
Oh, look at Mr. Fancy.
In a move that has raised eyebrows for some and hopes for others,
Canada's Justice Minister today issued an invitation to marijuana activists to speak at a hearing in Ottawa on a conspicuous date, April   .
That puts the hearing on the same date that thousands of pot activists will gather for their annual  / smoke-in on Parliament Hill.
People are lining up in Ottawa for a chance to have their voices heard.
Meanwhile, others are confidently predicting full legalization within a matter of months, effectively creating
Canada's marijuana industry.
What the fuck does that mean?
What the fuck are they saying?
They want to legalize it. It's going to happen.
They can't legalize dope now. I mean, look what I've got going on here.
This took me everything
I had to get this going.
I just can't fucking believe this is happening right now.
Listen, man, this is what we gotta do.
We've got to sell all of our product right now and get the fuck out while we can.
We gotta merge our companies together.
What does that mean?
We gotta be partners.
I don't want to be rude here, but I have a serious fucking problem with the product that you're selling.
Because it's a fucking embarrassing.
What if Lucy... Not to mention
Lucy, what if Trinity, my daughter, finds out I'm selling piss with Julian?
They're not going to know.
Do you know what they call Jacob?
Your piss chimp!
I can't even believe that you're doing that.
You've really got me thinking with this Ottawa shit right now.
I'm sure Bubbles is going to want to fucking do it, he's broke right now.
No, no, no, don't in-fucking-volve
Bubbles in this, man.
I'm really fucking worried about Bubbles.
He's really, really the most fucked I've ever seen him.
He's drinking constantly, he's on his little chicken bike driving around drunk.
I don't think he's making a lot of money.
He just doesn't seem happy. He's living under J-Rods fucking step.
Hey, man.
Hey, Bubbles.
Hey, B, the old man and the fat boy was here looking for you's stayin', know what I'm saying?
What? What did they want?
I don't know what they want, they stank.
But I do know what me and Sarah want.
Two years ago he got out the joint,
I was like, "Come crash with us."
I got a spot under my stoop, you can crash there as long as you want.
I didn't mean two years, dawg. Two fucking years dog.
Two years.
Calgary rap battle championship ring.
Hey, I got mad love for all my past bitches, you know what I mean?
But none of them bitches was able to push up on me the way that Sarah...
She my main... she my... she my bitch.
You better watch it.
One thing I wish he would excel at a little more is moving the fuck on, dawg.
What's going on, boys?
The fuck outta here, man.
What is this, some kind of a fucking intervention?
It's a friend-tervention, dawg.
It's time to move, know what I'm saying?
You're my boy, but it's time to be a man.
Yeah, I do know what you mean.
Well, that's a good start.
Yeah, I'll get my stuff packed up and be on my way.
Movin' swish in your stomach from here to somewhere else don't count as moving.
I don't want to sound ungrateful, you know?
I do appreciate everything
J-Roc and Sarah have done for me.
Want some beans?
You fucking love beans, yeah.
They're a little bit hot,
I should have warned you. bucks a month has been the rent.
It's actually been quite nice, but... apparently now, the sentiment is that maybe I've overstayed my welcome.
What the fuck?
Dad, I'm sorry, the transmission is fucked.
It's stuck in reverse.
Totally fucked, Ricky.
Hey, I appreciate you not making that kind of language in front of my daughter.
I also appreciate you not working on my fucking car.
Just stick to mall security, okay?
Chasing kids around the food court.
Chhh, copy? Chhh, Georgie?
You look good, Luce.
You look good too, Rick.
You look fucked.
Brought that for you.
So reverse still works?
Yeah, yeah it's fine.
Hi, Bubbles.
This letter was sent to the old Sunnyvale PO box.
Address was hard to read, so we opened it.
You read my mail, Randy?
Sorry, Bubbles.
Three black!
Mr. Lahey, check this out.
I found this suit thing and respirator thing in Julian's bag.
Tag it and bag it, Randy. Put it with the rest of the evidence.
Something happened to Julian.
I don't know what it was.
But do you remember all those girlfriends he used to have?
Beautiful women, day and night, back and forth to his trailer.
All of a sudden, just up and stopped.
What the hell have we got here?
Look at that, Randy.
Meth cocks? fuck, it's Ricky.
Is he coming here?
Looks like it.
Oh, shit! Go see what he wants.
See what he wants, Randy.
Guys, I just want to fucking come in, have a nice peaceful talk.
Frig Off, Ricky.
Ricky! This is trespassing, Ricky!
Just calm down, guys.
I hear you fucky-donkies are snooping around.
What the hell do you want, Ricky?
If you guys want my garbage,
I'll just bring it to you every day. Is that what you want?
Ricky! For fuck's sakes!
Why don't you go outside and play some fucking dandelions or some sprinklers there,
Randall? Just shutty that fucky!
What's with your hair, man?
You think you're a fucking Beavil or something? You look fucked.
Oh, thanks, guys.
So Jim, why don't you tell me, what the fuck are you looking for?
I'll tell you what we're looking for, Ricky.
We found these cocks in Julian's garbage.
So what if someone threw cocks in the garbage? Who cares?
If you guys haven't noticed, this trailer park is going to shit again.
So why don't you and Fuckgut Bobannaran, or whatever the fuck you call him, go and do your little trailer-park dummy-jobs instead of digging through peoples garbage trying to find cocks.
Ricky, Julian cannot have a goddamn meth lab in this fucking park.
He's selling piss, you fucking dumb-dumb.
Drug piss.
When people are on drugs and get tested, they need clean piss.
That's what he's selling.
Ricky, I know this isn't the right time, but could I get   ,    grams from you?
Yeah, I could probably make that happen, Randy.
Ricky, you been watching the news lately?
Hear what's going on in Ottawa?
They're going to make marijuana legal.
Know what that means, Ricky?
Means you're out of business.
Yeah, I seen the news, and guess what?
I'm going to fucking Ottawa. And they're not going to get it legal if I have anything to do with it. fuck that.
Really? Yeah, you're gonna go in that, are you, Ricky?
Hey Rick, little bit of advice, don't count your chickens before they shit, Rick.
Oh yeah? Little piece of advice for you. Why don't you accept the fact that I'm going to be fucking growing dope in this park again?
Just accept it, 'cause there's nothing you can fucking do about it.
Stay out of my shit, boys, okay? Love you guys.
Nice, Randy, nice.
The park's spring cleanup is now on.
Please take all your garbage, or any shit you want to throw away.
Old washing machines, whatever the fuck it is.
Take it all to the supervisors' trailer and leave it on the front lawn.
Thank you, park spring cleanup.
What time is it, King Of The Dot? Time for some suckas to get knocked out.
You know what I'm saying?
Hang on, one second.
There you go, white boy. Go the fuck on.
Some white boy from the park, you know what I'm? Buying dope.
Doin' a good business, dawg. Anyway, them motherfuckers goin' to Montreal, so I don't know if they want you to roll with 'em, know what I mean?
But I'm gonna axe Julian for you right quick.
Hang on one second.
I'm gonna tape it for World Star
Hip Hop, know what I'm saying?
Just in case some shit goes down, dawg, I got this evidence.
What's up, motherfucker?
I know what's goin' on, you think I know where
T is 'cause I'm white?
Just some white boy in a cop car, dawg.
Anyway, I'm gonna axe Jules, I'll let you know what he says. Ah!
Where the fuck did the snow come from?
Freeze my unit off out here.
Hey, boys. How's she goin'? Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Look at this.
Ooh, what's this?
That's not your chicken.
I don't want any fucking trouble here.
Ah, fuck. Help me...
There was four of them.
Cocksuckers chicken-jacked me.
Officer, could you grab that letter on the ground for me, please?
I think I'm going into shock. Thank you.
It's only a matter of time till the  -  smokes him out though, dawg.
They always search my trailer, you know what I'm saying? And he was like,
"Think Julian would be alright if I went to Montreal with them motherfuckers?"
And I was like, "I'm gonna axe."
What's poppin', tighty?
Excuse me, I'm Dr. J-Roc, you know what I'm saying?
I'm gonna prescribe this for your mouths.
Sayin' you, boy.
Thanks, J-Roc.
You got the Rainmen game on your EastLink.
What happened to you?
Oh, I got jumped by some shit rats.
I think I got a broken rib.
Couple scrapes and cuts.
I'm alright, though.
You know, it's okay in here, actually. The bed's quite comfy,
I got a nice TV and the food's okay.
You got a broken rib while you was delivering chicken?
Chicken and ribs?
Chicken and ribs.
J-Roc, stop it. It hurts to laugh.
Dawg, go to school, know what I'm saying? Upgrade.
Go to community college, be a veterinary assistant.
Work at the convenience store, dawg, but don't be slangin' chicken at your age.
Man that houndstooth, sweat pant, tearaway bitch...
No man of his age should be wearing that shit, trying to get by in life. fuck, Bubbles! What the hell happened, man?
Oh, I got jumped delivering chicken, fucking wasted.
Police report called it a drunken fight over chicken, they're not pursuing it.
I don't want to talk about it, Ricky.
We can't just let some fucking ballsucks beat you up, man.
That's bullshit. We gotta go find these fucking guys right now.
Don't fucking shush me.
Here man, take this, it'll fucking help you out.
Any more beers around, boys?
Excuse me, excuse me. Ah...
Look, your ribs are bruised, but not broken.
Take these and rest up. You can go home.
Actually, all of you.
Right now, please.
Gotta finish our drinks here, bud.
We're going right now, doctor.
Thank you for everything.
Right now.
'Cause we're not rich enough, like you?
I bet I'll make more fucking money than you will this year.
Boys, can we just...
Let's all go to Julian's house, like old times, and just chill out and have some drinks. What do you say?
I'm gonna bust to fuck home, you know what I'm saying?
But I'm glad you alright, man.
Thanks J-Roc.
What I'm gonna tell T, dawg?
Tell him I'll think about it.
Think about it quick dawg, clock's tackin'.
What'd Phil say?
He said Julian rented the Dirty
Burger for a drive to Montreal.
He's also looking to buy used deep-freezers.
Yeah, well I'm not attracted to Julian anymore.
It's not Julian we want, it's Ricky we want to track.
I've got an idea.
How much money we got in our vacation fund, bud?
Mr. Lahey, no.
Yeah, Randy, yeah.
My God, look at all the piss.
What's up with the big box of birds, Julian?
There my supervised test kits, Bubbs.
They're    bucks each, I get    bucks in profit for these fuckin' things.
Listen, I need to talk to you guys about something important, though.
What's up, man?
Julian, can you stop handling the wieners for one second?
Want a toke?
It's important.
Listen, Randy dropped off this letter.
It's from a lawyer.
Apparently, my parents passed away.
I'm sorry, man.
Ah... fuck, man. You okay?
Yeah. I know what it feels like, if you need someone to talk to.
It fuckin' sucks.
No, I'm okay. I mean, fuck,
I didn't even know them, you know?
It's sad and everything, but I'll be alright.
Boys, they left me a house.
They left you a fucking house?
They left me a house and a big piece of land in Kingston.
Look I got the deed right here.
Lawyers have been trying to track me down.
Look at this, this is the final notice.
It says if I don't claim it, they're going to take the house, and the land, and all the possessions and put it up for auction.
Like, I need to deal with this right away.
Well, I can get you to fucking
Kingston. Just come with me to Ottawa.
We'll both get high as fuck, help me tell those government dicks to fuck off, and then we'll go to the house.
Are you going to drive all the way there in reverse, Rick?
I can fix my fucking transmission, Julian.
Just keep playing with your little cocks, okay? Don't worry about me.
Yes, Francis and Dillon.
Yes, I'm their son, Bubbles.
No, I will be there, I'll bring all my identification and everything.
But I will be there as soon as humanly possible.
Okay, thank you very much.
Bubbs, check that out.
Holy fuck! Decent!
It's a      Volkswagen camper van.
Solid body, man.
New paint, no rust, man, mint condition.
Thanks a lot, man. Good work.
You're dismissed.
Yes, sir.
Hop in, man, check it out. fuck, this is cool.
Look at this thing.
All those appliances back there, they work perfectly.
Man, this thing is loaded.
Does this fold out into a fucking bed?
As soon as we're done the job in Montreal,
I'll take you to your mom's place in Kingston.
How many people are going to pay you $ ,    for two days' work, and then give you a camper van on top of it, huh?
I'm treating this like a working vacation man.
Well, I guess the writing of the wall says it all.
I'm going to Ottawa, you guys have a safe trip.
Ricky, I haven't decided I'm going.
Well, I can pretty much tell what you're gonna fuckin' decide.
This thing is fucking amazing!
It's got its own fridge!
Julian! This is the piss wagon!
I have to go to Ottawa, and I think the problem is, Julian's jealous of me, because, you know, I'm doing really good with weed, and...
I'm going on this quest. I'm kind of clearing my head about my dad, and I'm kind of doing it for my dad, and
I can't let them fucking legalize this.
And I think Julian's jealous that I'm doing so well.
I've got these quests on the go that he's trying to lure Bubbles away from me.
"Bubbles, you can't go to Ottawa with
Ricky, you can come with me to Montreal, make all this money in piss, and I'll give you a free fucking camper van!"
That's all my stuff out of there.
I shouldn't be gone more than three or four days, tops.
Yeah, that's cool. The cats are in the house.
Where ya going, anyway?
I'm just going, you know...
I got work to do, out of province.
With Julian?
Look Bubbles, be careful okay?
Don't go to jail or anything.
Jail? I'm not planning on going to jail.
Well, nobody plans on going to jail.
Anyway, take care of yourself.
See ya.
Don't talk back to him, let me do the talking. Let's go.
What the fuck do you guys want?
We want to talk to the man.
Side door, dummies.
Tell Grandma I said hi, or konnichiwa, or sayonara, or whatever the fuck it is.
You got company Cy,
Lahey and Randy.
What the fuck do they want?
I got cash, Cyrus.
I need a favour.
Well I got cash too, and
I don't need no favours.
A lot of cash, Cyrus.
Frisk 'em.
You got it.
Back up, up against that fence, hands over your head. fuck off...
Turn around, kiss the fence!
Stand still, fuck!
Easy, Sam.
Hands off the groin.
That's what I get paid for, man. fucking doing, Sam?
We're clean!
Randy, what the fuck man, you're making me look stupid in front of Cyrus.
Why didn't you call for an appointment?
Okay, boss, they're clean.
Well, let them the fuck in.
Working for Cyrus? It's pretty fucking good, let me tell you.
I watched his back when we were in prison, he said he'd take care of me.
He works for Kraft Dinner, and that's... fairly inexpensive.
Not here to fuck with you,
Cyrus. I want to talk business.
Take a seat, Jimmy.
I hear you and Julian are getting along well.
Where the fuck did you hear that?
I'm not trying to make a point,
I'm just trying to say that it's nice to have peace in the park.
Yeah, I was...
I always considered you to be a very sensible and...
Cyrus, I'm going to level with you.
I was hoping you could do me a favour and I could do you a favour sometime.
What makes you think
I would do you a favour, Jim?
Cyrus, I uh... I want to tell you the truth about this.
Doctor told me I...
I had to give up drinking.
And I'm going to need something to help get me through,
'cause, I'm in a lot of pain, Cyrus.
I'm looking to buy a large quantity of good cocaine.
One time, safely, enough to get me by.
I can't drink anymore, Cyrus.
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about Jimmy,
'cause I don't deal in coke, never did.
Well, I heard that... fuck what you heard, Jimmy!
I never sold coke.
Never did, never will.
Those are just dumb-ass stories people make up 'cause a guy's making a little bit of money.
Sam, pick up the bag, pack up the car and get these dummies the fuck out of here!
Taking a little road trip to Montreal are you?
Never mind where I'm going,
Jimmy, get the fuck out!
Sam, pick up the bag!
Get the fuck out of the way.
Come on, let's go!
You fuckin' shit!
Get the fuck out, Jim!
Get out of here, both of you!
Cyrus, if I fucking see you back in the park...
Get... fuck off!
Fuckin' weirdos!
What the fuck's he want?
What the fuck do you want, Sam?
Sorry about the rough stuff, boys.
Okay, listen, as long as we keep the boss out of it, I can get you anything you want.
You wait right here, I'll be right back.
Don't you worry.
Randy, guess what I got.
I got Cyrus' map. What's this? Terry... Jules!
Julian's cellphone number, Randy.
I thought this was about Ricky.
Trust me, it is.
Randy, we talked over my feelings for Julian.
I mean, who cares if he goes to jail?
Well, I'm responsible for taking the product, you know, when it arrives in the big containers and putting it into the little... the little test tubes.
You know, and eventually you're going to have to get your pee tested, so... that's where Julian comes in.
You know, $  , $   for some clean piss to keep your job, that's nothing.
Can't beat military grade, man.
Yeah, she's clean.
This is fuckin' bullshit!
Jacob showed up here today highly intoxicated, trying to deal with his problems.
We gotta talk about something.
Is your dad cool with the seven day, $   rental?
He's agreed to rent it, but he wants to know what the trip is for.
Tell him we're going to a convention or something.
What about your father's credit card and driver's license?
Yeah, I got 'em.
Now, we're probably not even going to use these, okay?
They're just for emergencies, okay? So don't worry about it.
Alright, Bubbs, give him a hand bringing in the rest of the jugs.
Let's get the piss, Jacob.
There is no more, I got caught.
I'm being dishonourably discharged from the military, for security breaches, and collecting urine.
Oh no, Jacob.
Okay, this isn't a big deal.
How am I going to tell my dad?
You can't brag about your son when he got caught collecting piss.
You don't tell your dad anything, okay?
He needs to know nothing.
Just focus on this mission.
This is the big leagues.
If you ever need a letter of recommendation, you come to me.
You cool?
Yeah, it's cool.
Okay, you're dismissed.
He just lost his fucking career for you and you don't even care.
He knows the fucking risks.
The risks?
Do I know the risks? Maybe
I don't know the risks.
Hey, we're not going to end up in jail.
If that's what you're worried about, it's not going to happen.
Oh, I'm not going to fucking jail, believe me.
When we get to Kingston, maybe I should just stay there.
You know, new house, new piece of land.
Maybe I'll start a fucking goat farm or something and just be done with this.
Holy fuck, look at the unicorn collection now.
Yeah, I know.
I got you a new one.
Oh, it's awesome!
Thank you! Errrrr!
Remember that time in the bathroom at the midtown?
Oh, hey, George.
What's going on here, Luce?
Um, Rick just popped around.
Just dropping off some dope and unicorns, George.
Dropped by with dope and unicorns...
Yeah, I dropped by with some fucking dope and unicorns there, Fucky McFuckSnapper!
You got a problem with that, you got a problem with me.
So Rick went back to jail, again, which was a deal-breaker for me, 'cause...
So, I was at the mall, and George was there, and he started coming over, and he started staying over, and he's here more and more and more, and...
You know, he, uh... and I are fine, and... that's what we have going now.
What do you think's going on?
Well I don't know, Luce.
It doesn't look very good to me here, right?
Holy fuck, you're stupid, George.
There's nothing going on.
I'm going on a little trip.
I stopped by to say goodbye to
Lucy and my fucking daughter.
If you have a problem with that, we got a problem.
Look, you guys broken up or what? Just tell me.
Or is this just some game and I'm the dumb guy?
I totally agree with ya. But you're gonna have to talk to Lucy about how dumb you are. I gotta go.
See ya later, Rick.
George, you got something right there.
What the fuck is that? Oh, there it is.
What the fuck? fucking Ricky!
Mr. Lahey?
In here Bandy-Ran.
Banny, the cops won't come when we call.
But guess who will? bomb squad, Randy.
They will act swiftly and with consequence.
They won't find a bomb, but guess what they will find?
We follow Ricky today, we plant it and then we make the call.
They find this much shit powder on
Ricky, he's doing ten years, Randy.
It's Ricky.
Have a good trip, boys. Good luck.
Cheers, man.
Jesus, Ricky... Here, hold that for one second.
What's the voltage of this?
Bubbs, you're asking the wrong guy here, I have no fucking idea.
That doesn't make any fucking sense.
Hey T. What's up, man?
What's going on, Bubs? How you doin' man?
Hey, T, what's going on?
What's happening, man?
I guess you're on the run, are ya?
Man, I had to get the hell out that halfway house, it's crazy in there, man.
Julian man, thanks for the ride man.
I appreciate it.
No problem, no problem.
I'm starving, any food around? Any drinks or anything?
I'm starving.
I got some old swish here I've been drinking.
I'll take it.
You can have that,
I got a few gummy worms.
I'll take those too, man.
You'll want those.
Thanks, Bubbs.
Alright, you get in the camper and you lay low, man.
I gotta love T, he my boy from back in the day.
Got love for them three motherfuckers.
Googley-eyeing bitches and drinking and shit.
But at the same time,
I got madder love for Sarah.
She's right in front of my eyes all these years, you know what I'm saying?
They want me to come, I'm like, "fuck outta here, man."
You hired him? The cops are looking for him.
Bubbs I didn't hire him, I'm dropping him off in Moncton.
It's dangerous.
Listen, he's a friend, he needs to get out of town.
That's fuckin' dangerous. I don't want to be in that situation.
He's driving with me, you're driving with Jacob.
Don't worry about it.
Okay, let's go get the Dirty
Burger and load up the freezers.
Where the fuck is Jacob? fuck, there's Phil, Julian, and he's standing guard.
Jacob, back to the house.
Hey, Phil. fuck off, Julian, there's no way you're using the Dirty Burger.
Get the fuck out of here!
You go... get... Clear off!
What's he talking about?
He knows everything
Julian, I'm sorry.
Jacob, why did you tell him?
Get in the house, Jacob.
Jacob, get the fuck out here.
Julian is the kingpin con of course, and... and, um, Jacob's always looked up to Julian, and... always had a hero crush type thing on him, for fuck's sake.
It's tough for a dad to compete with sometimes.
He had a career in the military and you went and fucked it up, you bastard.
Listen, I'm taking the
Dirty Burger, we had a deal.
And your son's coming with me.
You never mentioned nothing about driving piss to Montreal in a food truck, now fuck off!
Go get Jacob please.
T, start up the Dirty
Burger. Listen, we had a deal.
I already fucking paid you, okay?
Don't fucking resist, Jacob.
I'm not allowed!
You're fuckin' coming with us!
Julian, he's a lot fucking stronger than he looks!
Bubbs, get him out of here!
I'm not finished with you yet.
You son of a bitch.
Wrap that fucking hose around him.
You goddamn bastards.
Shut the fuck up, man.
You fucking bastards.
Phil, don't make me fuckin' hammer you.
You want it? 'Cause you can get it, man.
Stay in the goddamn house, son!
Jacob, get the fuck over here!
T, give me a hand here, drag this big bastard up the street.
Fuckin' sons of whores!
Oh, fuck, quit complaining. goddamn it!
Phil, just fucking relax.
Jesus Christ!
God, I fucking hate dealing with him.
You prick!
But the bastards overwhelmed me and before I know it they were fucking gone.
Come back here, you bastards! fucking thing!
Keep that on channel  .
By myself? I don't want to drive by myself. What if I fall asleep?
Bubbs, what do you want me to do here?
Well, maybe I should go ask Ricky if he'll come.
I'll ask him one more time.
We don't need Ricky.
No, we don't need him, I realize that, but I'd like to have him there as my friend. This isn't all about you.
Ricky is our friend, don't forget.
They're pulling on me like
I'm a goddamn wishbone.
That's what I feel like. I feel like... you know, they're just pulling on me and I'm going to snap, eventually.
I'm hitcheling to Ottawa, fuck it.
It's no big deal. Somebody will fucking drive me.
Thing is, I've got to go,
'cause if they make this legal... big business is going to swoop in and make millions of dollars.
Government will tax the cock off that.
What about guys like me that have been growing for years?
Providing great dope to people.
Helping people out, going to jail...
To add assault to injury we get fucked out of ever growing again.
Ricky, what are you doing?
You're not hitchhiking, are you?
That's greasy.
I got no other fucking choice.
Why don't you let me drive you?
Where's Jacob?
He's not coming now, it was a big shit show with Phil Collins.
I'm in here by myself. At least let me drive you up to the highway.
I'm not fucking working for Julian.
Ricky, you wouldn't be, you'd just be keeping me company.
Come on, let's go.
We can stop at the gas station, we'll get some microwave twisters.
Microwave twisters...!
Ricky's getting in the van.
Got your cellphone, bud?
Yup, right here.
Living the fuckin' dream, Afghanerandy.
And we're off!
Good drink, Randy. cocksucker looks like she's running a little hot.
Oh yeah?
Looks alright.
Dirty Dancer, this is Tumbleweed, what's your   ? Come on back.
Tumbleweed to the Dirty Dancer?
CB handles Ricky, we need to use discretion.
You there, Bubbs?
It's Tumbleweed. Go ahead. Over.
Ricky wouldn't happen to be with you, would he?
No, no, no, no, no...
Uh, that is a negative,
Dirty Dancer, over.
Man, what a dummy.
They're gonna arrest him and he's gonna make a fucking fool of himself.
Oh well fuck him, you know, but what's that? grand split two ways, that's even better.
Ah, let's just stay off the radios now, Dirty Dancer.
Let's just keep it for emergencies only. Over.
Copy that, bud. I'm hungry.
We'll get something to eat in
Moncton in an hour or so, you cool?
Copy that, let's go hammer down double nickels.
Watch out for Moncton city kitties. Over.
CB talk. Go fast and watch out for Moncton city cops.
Do you think I'm going to make a fool of myself?
Ricky, I think you just do whatever you're gonna do.
You'll be alright. I'm just glad you're here. Who's got your belly?
How ya doing, bud?
I'm tired.
Tired? Randy, come on now, have a little fun.
I wish we could just go home.
Of course you do,
'cause you're just a big baby.
Have a little drink, Randy.
I don't want a drink.
Randy, have a little. Come on, man.
I don't want to party alone. Don't get too close, don't get too close...
Thanks Bubbs. It's gonna be fun, man. I got a ton of joints rolled.
Four cocks of pepperoni.
You want a cock?
Yeah, break me off half a cock, Ricky.
Here, Bubbs.
At least we're doing something with our lives.
Not selling fucking piss.
I just feel like I have to do this.
I got to try to change the world.
It's bullshit, what the government's doing. fucking legalize it, now of all times.
They're gonna hire about
,    fucking people, but they won't hire me,
'cause I've been in jail for growing fucking dope! How fucked is that?!
It's a hard cock to suck Ricky. fucking government.
Hard cock to suck.
I can't believe you spent
$ ,    of our vacation money on coke.
It's worth thrice that much money to get rid of the... fucking Three Shitkateers, bud.
You must be pumped to see this fucking house.
Oh, I'm fucking very excited,
Ricky, you have no idea.
I mean this could be a fucking... This is a life-changer!
I could own a mansion!
I don't even know!
Cool if it had, like, a skating rink or something too, to play hockey.
Well, I doubt it's going to have that, but I mean, it could.
Or a barn with a rink in it or something.
What the fuck is going on up there? fuck, I hope nobody got hurt, Ricky.
It's got to be a fucking accident or something.
I don't like being around all these cops, Bubbs, with this weed.
I know Ricky, I know.
Just don't act suspicious.
How's it going, officer?
I got   pounds of weed on me.
It fucking stinks.
That looks like the goddamn Dirty Burger. fuck, it is, Ricky. Jesus, the fireman slipped in the pee.
Oh my God!
There's T. They got him, Ricky.
Bubbles to Julian, come in. What the fuck happened?
Where is he?
I don't know!
Julian, what's going on? Are you okay?
Bubbles to Julian, come in.
Oh my God!
Is that him? Is that him up there, Ricky?
Keep going, Bubbles, pretend you don't see him.
Ricky, fuck off!
I am not going to fucking jail!
We don't have room for him, anyway!
Ricky, we're pulling over and getting him! He's our friend!
We're stopping.
Are ya alright?
You're spilling piss everywhere!
Fire started in the batteries.
By the time I got pulled over, the entire Dirty Bird goes up in fucking flames.
I grabbed as much piss as
I could and I fucking ran.
T, he got fucking busted!
I know, we saw him.
Good man, lost to the piss game.
Boys, I'm not going to fucking jail over piss.
Let's make that clear.
No kidding, we gotta get the fuck out of here. Go, Bubbles! Let's go!
How much product did you lose, Julian?
Well, I've got about     units here, so we lost a lot of good piss.
Oh my fuck. So... like what, we're down to   grand each?
Something like that?
Yeah, unless dicky-nuts wants to get involved there.
You do smell like piss, Julian.
We probably should try to find a truck-stop shower or something.
Next thing you know, you'll be probably selling shit for some reason.
A lot of people don't know how to drink.
They drink against the grain of the liquor.
And when you drink against the grain of the liquor... you lose.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I wonder if there'd be a dump in heaven.
A dump?
Well, a place in heaven where they throw everything they don't need.
Yeah, Ricky, there'd be a dump in heaven.
I bet that's where the old man's hanging out.
Yeah, I betcha he his, Ricky.
I betcha he's up there... drinking liquor and listening to fucking truckin' music.
I still can't fucking believe he's gone.
Holy fuck, you smell like weed.
Ha, I should. I got pounds I'm taking to Ottawa.
You've got   pounds of weed in this van?
No, it's not in the van, calm down, it's in my coats. Sewed right in.
Ah... Ricky, we weren't doing anything illegal. Now we are.
Thanks a lot!
Mr. Paraloid.
Yeah, he should be paraloid.
I'm fucking... nervous myself.
That's a lot of dope, we could go to jail. I'm getting nervous here.
Sheesh, Rand. Stinkin', bud.
You know why I'm stinkin'?
'Cause I haven't showered.
I'm fucking starving.
I need to eat, too.
Patience Randolph. We got a job to do first.
I need to get high.
We're in Moncton, there's dope here. Let's get some hash.
You need to get high do ya?
Well, stick your nose in some of this shitpowder and shut the fuck up.
I don't do coke.
There's no smell.
You know, drugs aren't dangerous,
Randy. People are dangerous.
The more powerful the drug, the more jail time.
There's nothing to be afraid of, Randy. Look, I'll show you.
Ha... Randy, I didn't really do it. I was just kidding, bud.
Julian! Skin mags!
Light, Randy.
Do you want some ice cream and shit?
Yeah, let's... What do they got for ice cream?
Thanks, Randy.
It's on there good.
You're clear, Mr. Lahey.
They're at the counter.
Andale, Randy!
We did it, bud.
Alright, I'm going to try and get some sleep.
Just wake me up when we get to Montreal.
You good, buddy?
Okay man, goodnight.
Keep 'er on the road.
Oh, I will.
Boys, holy fuck! Cops!
Holy fuck, he went right by.
Oh my God.
What the fuck am I doing here?
Randy, no more farting in the car.
Oh, God...
Julian... Here's the turnoff to Montreal!
Just keep going? Okay.
Whatever you say.
Oh, there...
They went right by Montreal.
They must be going to the property in Kingston.
How ya feeling?
I'm kind of tired.
Me too. Feeling a little sluggish.
Think I need a... snap of the white liquor.
What do you think?
I thought it was all under the fucking camper.
Ah! Wanna try a little?
It'll keep you awake!
We're going to take our time.
Wait for the right moment.
And then we're gonna call it in and we got 'em.
Holy fuck.
Bubbs, we're not in Montreal.
I... think we're almost there...
Almost there? Where the fuck are we?
We should have been there a long time ago!
Just go back to sleep, Julian.
Kingston,     km? What the fuck?
Pull over!
What the fuck were you doing?
What's wrong?
Bubbs... what's wrong?
My property...
It's fucking important to me and
I need my friends there with me.
I want to do this before we end up going fucking you know where.
To jail.
We're not going to go to jail.
Oh yeah? Can you look me in the eye and fucking promise me we're not going to jail, Julian?
Look me in the eyes!
Can't do it. Look at them shifting around.
You know what, Julian?
You fucking do whatever you want, I'll do it by myself.
Oh come on, Bubbs!
You're gonna let him do this?
Call your little piss buddies and tell them you're gonna be late.
Rick, they're expecting me in one hour, and the quality and the freshness of the piss is important to these guys.
Quality of the piss...
What's it going to be?
That frozen piss, and those cocks, or your friends?
Is your piss going to be there for you?
Bubbs, that's ridiculous.
Is your piss gonna make you chicken soup the next time you're sick?
Does your piss and your cocks roll you joints, get drunk with you, and pass out on your fucking couch, or your patio?
Rick, that doesn't even fucking make sense.
You know what?
Go to Montreal! Take your piss and go! fuck's sakes.
Did I see what I think I just saw?
I don't know, what'd you see?
Lahey and Randy are following us.
Nah Bubbs, you just need some sleep, man.
I'm not fucking losing it, it was Lahey and Randy.
I'm telling you, they're following us.
I'm freaking out!
You get in the back and rest up, let me drive.
I'm in, Julian.
If I'm driving, I want my cut, and we go right to Ottawa afterwards.
Whatever you want, buddy.
Thanks, Ricky.
Thanks, buddy.
I'm doing this for Bubbles.
And if we get caught, our names stay out of this, me and Bubbles.
Hey man, nobody has to know about this.
Get some rest, buddy.
Alright, Ricky.
I can't fucking believe I'm doing this.
It's going to be fun, man. Don't worry about it.
Randy, pretty soon, they're going to pull over at Bubbles' mother's place.
If we get an opportunity, I'm going to go and check the coke.
What if once Bubbles gets his house, he never comes home?
What if that's it, we never see him again?
That might happen.
I know.
And up in here,
I think that's probably a good thing, but... you know, in my heart,
I just... I don't know, man...
I think I'm going to miss him too much. I love him.
I love him, too.
Look for a turn and it says there's a sign. You can't miss it.
There's a sign before the turn or after the turn?
No, it says there's a turn, and then... it says a little jaunt and then there's a sign and you can't miss it.
This says it's right here, where we are. I can tell by the map.
This is it boys, this is the place.
Is it ever quiet out here, though. Just listen boys, just listen for a second.
What is it?
It's nothing, Ricky. That's what
I mean, it's very... peaceful.
Well, you don't have any neighbours out here, Bubbs.
Nope, big water lake...
What the fuck is that?
There's a power hookup, Bubbs!
Well, have a drink. Loosen up, bud.
I don't want a drink.
Randy, this is an adventure.
Bubbles! fucking pickled eggs.
No way! Are they still good?
I don't know.
They look good.
Ah, they're fucking delicious.
What's that?
Oh my fuck, dogs. Dirty, fucking greasy dogs.
It can't be no dogs.
Oh my fuck, there's a pack of wild fucking dogs!
Those aren't dogs, they're foxes.
What the fuck do you guys want?
Huh? What the fuck do you want?
Let's go, get the fuck out of here.
Hey, Blackie, get the fuck out of here. Let's go.
Yeah, they're all there, Randy.
Look at that.
What are you doing?
You can't dip into that!
I'm just checking it, Randy, to make sure it's okay.
Let's go, dummies. Let's go.
Don't fucking bark at me, dummy!
Get the fuck going. fuck, good job Ricky.
He chased them away, Julian. fucking idiots.
We're gonna get caught Mr. Lahey!
Mr. Lahey, there's fuckin' dogs.
I'm putting it back, Randy.
Hey! Call the dogs off!
Check this out, Bubbles.
Look at these old pictures.
Oh my God.
Ha! Look boys, there's us.
I remember that day.
It's right around when you started drinking, Julian.
There's the first fucking bikes we stole.
First bikes you stole, Ricky. You stole all three of those bikes, 'member?
Oh fuck, I miss that old hockey stick.
How many fucking goals did I score with that?
This is my...
My God, there's my parents, boys.
I forgot how hot your mom was. Wow.
I mean... You know what I mean.
Like, just... she's a fucking good looking woman.
Your dad looks like he's fucking wasted.
The entire frame's rusted to fuck.
That's too bad, man.
I mean, it's a heap of shit.
Paint's fucked. It's gonna start leaking, fuckin' windows.
Ricky! You live in a fucking car that's missing a door.
I know.
Well, pack up whatever you want to keep and let's get the fuck out of here, Bubbs.
Yeah, we gotta head to Montreal, bud.
Well, boys, I was thinking... maybe I'm just going to stay.
You know? Maybe this is where I'm meant to be, boys.
I got a beautiful home here, now. I got lake frontage.
Yeah, well lake frontage, that causes mould and bugs.
You can't fucking live in this.
I think... I think I'm gonna stay.
He's not really going to stay here in this, is he?
Rick, this is something he's gotta figure out on his own.
Oh, come on boys, just...
I always hate the part in The
Littlest Hobo when he's not leaving.
You know?
Just go.
See ya, Bubbs.
Hey, Bubbs?
I love ya, buddy.
I didn't think he was actually gonna stay.
I can't do this.
What the fuck am I doing? I can't do this.
Boys, wait for me, I'm not fuckin' stayin' here by myself!
Son of a whore!
Get the fuck goin'! fuck off!
Get going!
Okay, Bubbs, are you sure you want to do this?
Leave all that behind?
You know what, Julian?
Switch me seats.
Switch seats, you get up front.
There, boys, this is the way it's supposed to be.
Now I feel at home.
And you're the leader,
Julian. Right, Ricky?
Yeah, man.
Thanks, man.
Alright, boys, let's fucking do this.
Let's go sell this pee,   grand each.
Yeah, we're back on track now. Just a little bit of a family emergency.
Okay... yup... alright... okay, we'll see you soon. I promise.
Okay, thank you. Bye-bye.
Just a little pissed off, but they're cool.
Yeah... Boys, you know what I think I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna build a brand new fucking shed with my piss money.
I'm really hungry, if you can stop for some food.
We don't have fucking time for a drive-through, Rand.
We just ate a couple hours ago.
I'm starving. I can't believe you drove past the friggin' King. fuck the King.
Randy, there was another bag of white liquor. What'd you do with it, bud?
No, there wasn't.
Randy, give it to me.
There is white liquor, but you're not fucking getting it.
Aw, fuck!
That's it.
What are you doing?
Randy! Randy! For fuck's sakes, Randy!
It's gone!
Jesus Christ! Are you that dependent on this shit?
If you are, I got some on my underwear!
We can stop and you can sniff it out!
Excuse me, little lady.
Sorry, I need this.
It's an emergency.
Please go away.
Come on, Sassa-Ran, hurry.
Frig off!
This is not what it looks like. fuck, for fuck's sakes. is right here, right here. Park.
This looks like a busy fucking place to be doing a piss deal, isn't it, Julian?
It's where you do big deals like this, Ricky. Right in the open.
That's crazy.
Alright guys, here.
This is Phil's credit card and ID.
I want you to take it into the strip club, buy whatever the fuck you want. You deserve it.
Shouldn't we be covering you, Julian?
Bubbs, it's just one guy, alright?
Three of us are standing out here, it might spook him.
No, I'm good.
Come on.
Bubbs, I'm good.
Let's go, Ricky. Let's go look at some ladies.
French ladies.
Man, you need this more than anybody.
Get your head together, okay?
I'm fucking proud of you, Julian.
You actually pulled this off.
Thanks, man.
Bonjour, je m'appele Bubbles.
There's Julian. He's smoking a joint. fuck.
This is fucking awesome, Bubbs.
So, what do you do?
Well, I'm into all kinds of different things. I, uh...
They're talking about legalizing marijuana, so...
If they do, I'm going to be the guy in charge of all the marijuana for Canada.
It's pretty cool. I work for the government, actually.
I am the, uh... administrator at the... San Diego Zoo.
I've got a big staff.
I personally look after all the Bengal tigers, and the little Bengal tiger kitties.
Would you guys get the fuck out of here?
Holy shit, that's Terry and Dennis.
Hey, man.
What the fuck are you guys doing in Montreal?
We're starting things up for Cyrus.
Where the fuck is Cyrus?
Why are you guys acting so fucking weird?
You're acting weird.
I'm not acting weird.
Enough with the weird. Let's see the product, Julian.
You guys want some fucking weed?
Pounds of it where this came from.
Ricky, can the girls just have as much weed as they want?
Does something smell like pee in here to you?
I smell weed. I don't smell pee, though.
I've got     units of Canada's finest right here, gentlemen. collected. Look at that.
Julian, we're going to need your help getting this stuff on the truck.
Grandma's waiting.
I get the money first, then you get the piss.
He's got his gun out.
I don't give a fuck how they do it in Montreal, this is how I do it.
I want the money first...
Get the fuck out here, disco.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
I can't believe you're robbing me. I thought we were good.
I thought you wanted to be my fucking friend.
We're not friends, we're fucking business partners, remember?
And we're not fucking good.
You just fuck off right now and load the piss in the truck.
And if you ever come back to the trailer park, you better change your address to Smith and Wesson.
That doesn't even make any fucking sense.
This doesn't make any sense.
Believe me, I'm going to be waiting for you back at the fucking trailer park.
Don't hit me with your girly threats, man,
'cause I'll be waiting right here in
Montreal if you ever come looking for me.
You know why? 'Cause I made it big. I made it fucking big, disco.
I'm in the piss game now.
Jesus Christ, just take my fucking piss, alright, and leave me alone.
How ya doing?
Hi, Julian.
Hey, your grandsons are robbing me.
Yeah, you don't understand what I'm saying.
Alright, it's good to see you.
Nice to...
Okay, I'm alright.
He looks pissed.
Double dynamite, Sasserbandy.
Looks like Cyrus just got Julian good.
You know the nice thing about assholes?
Someone always comes along to wipe 'em up.
He's going in the club.
Now. We make the call now, Randy. shit, no service.
Ugh, for fuck's sakes!
Hello, I'd like to report a disturbance.
There are suspicious men standing out front of the Club Violetta.
Yeah, they're by an orange VW   's camper van and they're talking about a bomb that's located underneath it.
Can you excuse me for a second?
Julian, what are you doing, shuffling the ladies away?
Boys, I just got fucking robbed.
Robbed? The fuck are you talking about?
They pulled guns out on me.
Who the fuck would rob piss?!
Boys are in for a little Montreal surprise.
Ah, c'est juste de la cocaine.
C'est juste de la cocaine.
C'est rentr a lovertime, les boys!
There's been a complaint against you guys, okay?
I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Maybe you have some money to pay your bills?
Chill out, there, muscular fucking Simon and Garfunkel.
There's    bucks, I've got more money in the car.
Is that cool? Can I go get it? fucking bullshit, Julian.
Big fuck up, Julian.
Meet me out front in two fucking minutes.
Ricky, what are we gonna do?
We just... That's fucking...
That's bullshit.
You should be working for me, Bubbs.
Every time we work for Julian...
Look up.
Ah, fuck.
Son of a whore, we're on camera.
It's alright, we're not fucking gonna be on there for long, though, are we?
Ricky, Ricky... fuck off!
Let's get a fuckin' donair, boys!
Get out of your vehicle!
Get out of your vehicle!
What's going on?
You're under arrest.
What is this? You're drinking and driving?
We found cocaine in your vehicle.
We found cocaine in your vehicle.
What the fuck is this guy doing by my van? Get this drunk away from my van.
Who are you?
Oh, just getting off work.
I thought that was my van, but it's not.
Alright, move along then. Move along.
Yes, sir.
Officer, what are you talking about?
We found cocaine in your vehicle.
I don't know how cocaine got in my van!
You know what? I was set up.
Either by a guy named Cyrus.
Or a drunk trailer-park supervisor that's in love with me. shit's stinkin' now, bud.
So I suppose these aren't yours either?
No, the cocks are mine. The cocaine isn't.
Can we go home, now?
Sure, Julian.
You just called me Julian.
No, I didn't call you Julian.
The bouncer just gave this to my colleague.
Is your name Philadelphia Collins?
Yeah, my name's Phil Collins.
Well, Mr. Phil Collins, you're under arrest for possession of cocaine with intent to traffic, and drinking and driving.
We didn't get Ricky. fuck! fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, Rand.
Bubbles took off over there.
Hey, Bubbles!
How ya doin', bud? Where's Ricky?
Sorry this shit went down the pipe the way it did, bud.
Bubbles, you want a lift?
How about a drink?
Randy... Randy, hop out and get the man a drink.
What'll ya have, bud?
Good think we found you, Bubbs.
We'll get you out of this weather.
Double rum and coke, Randy, please.
Nice shoes, Randy.
Thanks, Bubbles. Lime?
No fucking lime!
There you go, Bubbs.
Actually, maybe I'll have a beer. You guys got any beer?
Grab the man a beer.
Huh! Thanks, bud.
You dirty, drunk bastard.
You fuckin' goofball!
Come on Randy. Don't fight me, Randy.
Don't fight me.
What are you doing, Bubbles?
Get down, Randy. fucking bottle fight?
You got no way out, Bubbles!
You're not going anywhere.
Give it up. fuck you, Lahey!
Here comes the Captain!
Randy! You okay, bud?
Ya missed me, Lahey, ya fuckin' dickweed!
Talk to me, bud! fuck you, Lahey!
Hey Bubbs, seen the new  -litre bottles? fuck you!
Drunk bastard!
What are you doing, Bubbles?
Bubbles! Bubbles! shit...
Jesus Christ, Ricky!
Ricky! Ricky!
Oh my God. Wake up, come on. Where's your shoe?
Here, get in.
What the fuck are you doing with Lahey's car man?
I bottle-fought him for it.
What the fuck do the cops want with Julian?
Lahey framed Julian, Ricky.
Julian took the wrap for us.
'Morning, Ricky.
Where the fuck is the camper?
They fucking impounded it.
Where the fuck are we?
We're in Ottawa, Ricky. fuck yes, Bubbles! Is that Parmelent Hill?
We're in time.
Pull this fucking thing over, man. Let's do this.
Just a second, I gotta fucking...
Jesus Christ, there's Mounties everywhere.
Check this fucking thing out.
Ah, that's decent, Ricky. fucking medallion.
That's decent.
Here, hop up there,
I built you a new shoe.
Try that on for size.
It's great.
Perfect fit, Weederella.
Start introducing the speakers. We've got a lot of amazing speakers here today because this is about using our vote to change the way our country is run, right?
Holy fuck, look at all the people here!
Ricky, we're not going to get into this hearing.
Not a problem, Bubbles. I'll get us into this fucking hearing.
Attention friends, this is some of the best dope you will ever smoke.
It's    ounces. I will give this to anybody that gives their place to me and this guy in line.
Seriously? Nobody wants to go home, get high as fuck and watch this on TV instead of being here?
Just a second Bubbs, I can't do this.
I gotta smoke another joint.
Ricky, what are you doing?
Ricky, hurry up, hurry up.
The cops are right there.
Hi, there.
Alright man, let's do this.
We need to bring that money into the legitimate economy, take it away from gangs and organized crime, let people operate openly and transparently so they can pay their taxes and contribute to society.
Thank you, Ms. Emery.
Now, before we move on... perhaps it's time for some comment from the floor.
There's a gentleman from Vancouver. Sir?
Yeah, yeah. Actually, can you just sit back down, if you don't mind?
I got something to say, it's really important.
I'd like to go first, if that's okay, everybody.
It's a bit of an emergency.
I don't know how much time I have.
No objection?
Go ahead.
Well, thank you, all the peoples that are here.
I myself am a farmer. I grow dope.
This is what I grow right here, the best fucking weed in Canada.
I'm just going to pass some out, you guys can have a smell and... taste if you want.
Just get the fuck out of the way, thank you.
Here guys, smell it.
It's just a plant. A plant that grows by other nature on this planet and makes the world a better fucking place.
Hand it out, Ricky!
Order, we're going to have order in here.
Have some.
That's my friend.
That's my friend Ricky.
Point of order.
I thought that's why we're here, guys, to talk about fucking dope, okay?
So let's just spin some of that up, pass it around, and see what the fuck happens.
Is that why you came here?
You hoping to go to jail?
What's that?
You're hoping you'll be hauled off to jail, is that it?
I'm sick of fucking being arrested,
'cause your goddamn stupid laws right now. I've been to jail    or    times
'cause of your fucked up laws. That's the problem.
How the fuck can I be under arrest for bringing my dope here, that I grew, and then in two days, or whenever the fuck it is, you legalize it?
What are you going to do? Unarrest me?
How can I be under arrest for bringing dope to a government talking that's about dope?
It's a gift, anyway. I'm fucking giving it to you, it's free.
Are you trying to demonstrate something?
Take it easy there, Bobby Barker, this isn't the fucking
Price is Right, okay?
You're not running the fucking show right now, I am.
You know what else is bullshit?
You can't smoke a joint, but you can get drunk as fuck on liquor, smoke cigarettes and shit yourself to death, no problem.
You guys can all shut the fuck up.
We know that cigarettes will kill you. How fucked is that, guys?
You got no problem with that? You guys can't get involved with dope.
You're going to fuck it up. You fuck everything up with taxes.
I've never charged tax on my fucking dope when I sell it.
That's fucked right there.
That's right! Cigarettes are fucking bullshit!
Sit down, sir. fuck off, dick chin. fucking be nice to him.
That's my friend, Bubbles.
Are you trying to be in charge?
You're not in charge.
I'm not trying to be in charge...
Are you capable of making a logical argument?
I don't even know what that means.
I think you just answered my question.
I'm a weed grower. That's why
I'm fucking here, for my rights.
My dad recently passed away and
I'm here for this fucking cause, and you should be listening to me. Weed is a medicine.
It fucking always has been, it helps people.
We should be researching the thernapeutic qualities, not fucking trying to throw good people in jail like me.
Here, here!
That's fucked up, man, because of fucking Santa
Clause here. That's bullshit.
Ricky! Ricky! Ricky!
I'm suing the Canadian government for years radioactive lost fucking wages and a   -year medical marijuana license.
Sir, this is not a court, this is a public hearing.
Well, I can't fucking afford a court.
So I'm going to make this my fucking court, if that's okay with everybody.
Is that cool?
Yes! Court is in session!
Let's hear it for Ricky!
You definitely smoke dope.
Christmas dinner, turkey dinner, I guaran-fucking-tee it.
You fuckin' smoke dope, don't ya?
You guys can't decriminalize it, okay?
If you do, you got to decriminalize me and my past.
Don't legalize it! Please, don't fucking legalize it! You can't!
It's not fucking fair! fucking hippoclits!
Yeah, you're gonna keep that weed aren't you?
I bet you're gonna fucking smoke it at lunch time! fucking hippoclits!
Alright, we'll take a break now.
Oh, ugh... Let's find the car, Rand.
Can't we just get some cheap flights and fly home?
Can a car fly home, Randy?
Hey, Ricky, you were great in there.
Listen, I'm a lawyer, okay? Here's my card.
I think I can't get that political arrest thrown out in court in, like, a week, and I can probably get you a medical marijuana license, alright?
Keep in touch! Rockstar case!
I can help you, alright? fucking awesome. fuck off, Randy.
How ya doin', bud?
You were fucking awesome in there, Ricky.
Thanks. I think the old man would have been proud of me. fucking right, he woulda been. That was amazing.
Take it easy. fuck.
Well, look who's going to jail.
Over six plants is a year, Ricky.
Back off!
Give me my fucking car keys, Bubbles.
I don't have your fucking car keys.
Get him, Randy.
Give us the keys. fuck off!
I got 'em.
Back off.
What's that?
Look who's wearing the shit shoes now, Ricky. fuck this! Mr. Lahey planted the coke on Julian.
I'll testify to that,
Bubbles. Let me go.
Put the fucking Taser down, Lahey.
You love Randy. Don't electrocute him in his belly.
You're next, Bubbles.
Now, I'm gonna fuck ya.
What the fuck, bud? Yeah...
I got this, Bubbles.
Let's go! I've been waiting to fight you my whole fucking life, Lahey.
Punch in the face, Ricky? fuck! That was good a shot, you fuckin' idiot.
Ah, fuck!
One little drink, for courage.
Guess you lose and I win this one, huh, fucky?
No... I won.
I'm really disappointed in Randy.
We decided to take a little break for a while.
My decision.
Good news, the Taser shock somehow reversed my stroke.
I've never felt... I haven't felt this good in many, many years.
Good, one, two.
I'm dating again in here.
I've only got seven months left, which is great.
White liquor's what fucked me up.
For fuck's sakes. Randy!!!
I thought I'd miss him, but I don't.
I'm also hooking at night again.
Good choice for me.
Well, I guess Lucy got tired of banging George Green.
She kicked him out of the trailer, which is great.
And I'm spending a lot more time around Trinity, and... things aren't    % between me and
Lucy, but we'll see how things go.
Hey, if Stretch-Arm-Weak's here, that must mean Julian's out the joint.
You know what I'm saying?
Hey, Jacob.
Look at that fuckin' sign.
Ray Christ!
Hey Sarah, how's the pH?
It's good.
How'd we do?
Real good.
Holy fuck!
Cool, boss?
Alright, let's go, babe.
Want some soups?
One can each.
Guess who's out, dawg.
You're looking at him. I'm a free man.
Judge gave him bail. It was a female judge and I think she was feeling him.
I admit it, I've made some mistakes in my life.
And... maybe the piss game was the biggest mistake of my life because not only did it... fuck me up financially... it fucked me up emotionally.
For the first time in my life,
I actually don't feel like telling the government to fuck off.
They dropped all the charges, which is fucking great.
And they offered me a license to grow medical marijuana for five fucking years.
So for the first time in my life, I am growing fucking weed and it's totally legal.
Which is the way it should be.
It's the new fucking mellemium.
Watch out for Randy!
Straight back,
Ricky, straight back! more feet Ricky,    more feet!
Okay, cut her there!
Cut her, cut her!
Straight back.
Brakes, Ricky!
New crib's dope, Bubbles.
You own all this?
It's all mine boys, come on in.
Sweet, man.
Make yourselves at home, boys.
I'm going to roll a joint.
I'm not here to fuck with you guys.
What's going on, Randy?
Are you... hooking again?
Yeah, I am.
You be surprised how many freaky-ass motherfuckers are in to big-gutted hairy bitches.
Listen man, I really appreciate what you did for me, Randy.
You're alright, bud.
Thanks, Julian.
Alright, alright, alright.
Thanks a lot.
Ricky, you got mail.
What the fuck is that?
Hey J-Roc, do we got a CDR?
Whoa, hey, ahem... Ricky.
Hey buddy, it's the old man.
As you can see, I'm alive and well.
Living in a dump in
Florida, making liquor...
In fact, I'm kinda drunk right now buddy, so... gi... give me a second.
So Rick, listen, I uh...
I did an insurance scam, buddy... Life insurance.
I'm set for life, pal. fucking genius.
Saw you on television, Rick.
You were fantastic.
Thanks, Dad.
My family's here, in Sunnyvale.
This is where I'm meant to be, with
Ricky and Julian and... everybody.
This is my home.
I learned a lot of things on this whole journey.
One of them's that I gotta gear down on the liquor.
And ramp it up on the dope.
